16621 80
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































            DRACULA
        http://www.gutenberg.org/3/4/345/
     Chief Executive and Director
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     gbnewby@pglaf.org
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     http://www.gutenberg.net
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     of receipt of the work.
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
    "And prove the very truth he most abhorred."
    And the assurance . . .?
    Despises the meaner forms of life altogether, though he dreads
    Fears the thought of being burdened with the "soul" of anything.
    Has no dread of wanting "life" in the future.
    He dreads the consequence, the burden of a soul.  Then it is a
    Logically all these things point one way!  He has assurance of
    Will not mention "drinking."
    being haunted by their souls.
    human life he looks to!
    some kind that he will acquire some higher life.
  1  Jonathan Harker's Journal
  1 August.--Two days of fog, and not a sail sighted.  Had hoped
  2  Jonathan Harker's Journal
  2 August, midnight.--Woke up from few minutes sleep by hearing a
  22 July.--Rough weather last three days, and all hands busy
  24 July.--There seems some doom over this ship.  Already a hand
  28 July.--Four days in hell, knocking about in a sort of
  29 July.--Another tragedy.  Had single watch tonight, as crew too
  3  Jonathan Harker's Journal
  3 August.--At midnight I went to relieve the man at the
  30 July.--Last night.  Rejoiced we are nearing England. Weather
  4  Jonathan Harker's Journal
  4 August.--Still fog, which the sunrise cannot pierce, I
  4 p.m.
  5  Letter From Miss Mina Murray To Miss Lucy Westenra
  6  Mina Murray's Journal
  7  Cutting From "The Dailygraph", 8 August
  8  Mina Murray's Journal
  9  Letter, Mina Harker To Lucy Westenra
  Amramoff, but did not go to bunk.  Men more downcast than
  Customs officers.  Backsheesh.  All correct.  Under way at
  Gibraltar and out through Straits.  All well.
  His horror turned to despair, and in a steady voice he
  I am captain, and I must not leave my ship.  But I shall
  I suppose I know the secret too, now.  It was this madman
  If so we are now off in the North Sea, and only God can guide us
  It is nearly all over now.  Just as I was beginning to hope
  It, and gave it my knife, but the knife went through It,
  LOG OF THE "DEMETER" Varna to Whitby
  Later in the day I got together the whole crew, and told them, as
  Men all worn out.  Hardly know how to set a watch, since no
  On 11 July at dawn entered Bosphorus.  Boarded by Turkish
  On 12 July through Dardanelles.  More Customs officers and
  On 13 July passed Cape Matapan.  Crew dissatisfied about
  On 14 July was somewhat anxious about crew.  Men all steady
  On 16 July mate reported in the morning that one of the
  On 17 July, yesterday, one of the men, Olgaren, came to my cabin,
  On 6 July we finished taking in cargo, silver sand and boxes
  Only self and mate and two hands left to work ship.
  Roumanian.
  Saints help a poor ignorant soul trying to do his duty . . .
  Thorough search, but no one found.  Are now without second mate,
  To die like a sailor in blue water, no man can object.  But
  Took larboard watch eight bells last night, was relieved by
  Written 18 July, things so strange happening, that I shall
  against himself.  Men are beyond fear, working stolidly and
  ahead.
  allay it, I shall today search the entire ship carefully from stem
  and crew in a panic.  Mate and I agreed to go armed henceforth and
  and in an awestruck way confided to me that he thought there was a
  and lie by, and signal for help . . .
  and to yield to such foolish ideas would demoralise the men, said
  and wait till the fog clears.  Then, if I can't steer to
  any harbour with the wind that is, I shall cut down sails,
  as either he or the men will do some violence.
  as harmless a thing as he can do.  So here I stay and mind
  baffle this fiend or monster, for I shall tie my hands to
  be drifting to some terrible doom.  Mate now more demoralised than
  been sheltering behind the deckhouse, as there was a rain storm,
  boxes, they are invoiced as clay, and to pull them about is
  came as if shot from a gun, a raging madman, with his eyes
  came off his watch and was not seen again.  Men all in a panic of
  come up the companionway, and go along the deck forward and
  coming on.  If He can look me in the face again, I may not
  could say a word, or move forward to seize him, he sprang
  crew, Petrofsky, was missing.  Could not account for it.
  cry, seemingly outside my port.  Could see nothing in fog.  Rushed
  dared not leave it, so shouted for the mate.  After a few
  deserted us.
  disappear.  He followed cautiously, but when he got to bows found
  drove it savagely into space.  Then he went on, "But It is
  either of men.  His stronger nature seems to have worked inwardly
  empty as the air."  And as he spoke he took the knife and
  ever.  All said they expected something of the kind, but
  fear to be alone.  Mate angry.  Fear there will be some trouble,
  fear, sent a round robin, asking to have double watch, as they
  fellows, who sailed with me before.  Mate could not make out what
  fine, all sails set.  Retired worn out, slept soundly, awakened by
  flagboat of guarding squadron.  Backsheesh again.  Work of
  followed them himself.  God help me!  How am I to account
  for all these horrors when I get to port?  When I get to
  for him, there came up the hatchway a sudden, startled
  forgotten their dread.  Mate cheerful again, and all on
  getting very impatient with them.  Feared some trouble
  given way.  He came close to me and whispered hoarsely,
  good terms.  Praised men for work in bad weather.  Passed
  hands . . . two mates, cook, and myself, (captain).
  have time to act. . .  If we are wrecked, mayhap this bottle
  he would engage to keep them out of trouble with the handspike.  I
  helm, so here all night I stayed, and in the dimness of the
  here, and I'll find It.  It is in the hold, perhaps in one
  him.  Expected fierce quarrel, but all was quiet.
  his lip, he went below.  There was springing up a choppy
  honour as a captain.  I am growing weaker, and the night is
  in somewhere.  Not having power to work sails, have to run before
  in the fog, which seems to move with us, and God seems to have
  it's no use my trying to stop him.  He can't hurt those big
  keep accurate note henceforth till we land.
  keeping abreast, with lanterns.  We left no corner unsearched.  As
  knocking away at something in the hold, and work is good
  know not.  I dared not go below, I dared not leave the
  know there is sunrise because I am a sailor, why else I
  last night I saw It, like a man, tall and thin, and ghastly
  late.  He is there!  I know the secret now.  The sea will
  let him take the helm, while the rest began a thorough search, all
  lifting he saw North Foreland, just as he heard the man cry out.
  maelstrom, and the wind a tempest.  No sleep for any one.
  mate telling me that both man of watch and steersman missing.
  may be found, and those who find it may understand.  If
  me!" he cried, and then looked round on the blanket of fog.
  might hear.  "It is here.  I know it now.  On the watch
  night I saw it, Him!  God, forgive me, but the mate was
  no one, and the hatchways were all closed.  He was in a panic of
  no sign of man on watch.  One more gone.  Lord, help us!  Mate
  not . . . well, then all men shall know that I have been
  nothing.
  of earth.  At noon set sail.  East wind, fresh.  Crew, five
  of those boxes.  I'll unscrew them one by one and see.  You
  officers thorough, but quick.  Want us off soon.  At dark
  on deck again with a tool chest and lantern, and go down
  on deck, and ran against mate. Tells me he heard cry and ran, but
  on the bulwark and deliberately threw himself into the sea.
  one except steersman.  Raised outcry, and all came on deck.
  one fit to go on.  Second mate volunteered to steer and
  pale.  It was in the bows, and looking out.  I crept behind
  passed into Archipelago.
  patiently, with minds made up to worst.  They are Russian, he
  port!  Will that ever be?
  right to jump overboard.  It was better to die like a man.
  rolling and his face convulsed with fear.  "Save me!  Save
  said, "You had better come too, captain, before it is too
  save me from Him, and it is all that is left!"  Before I
  says we must be past Straits of Dover, as in a moment of fog
  scream, which made my blood run cold, and up on the deck he
  search from stem to stern.  First mate angry, said it was folly,
  seas still terrific, but feel them less, as ship is
  seconds, he rushed up on deck in his flannels.  He looked
  short, and entering the Bay of Biscay with wild weather ahead, and
  something.  Seemed scared, but would not speak out.
  steadier.
  strange man aboard the ship.  He said that in his watch he had
  superstitious fear, and I am afraid the panic may spread.  To
  that the mate would come out calmer, for I heard him
  the forward hatchway.  He is mad, stark, raving mad, and
  the helm, and write these notes.  I can only trust in God
  the wheel when my strength begins to fail, and along with
  them I shall tie that which He, It, dare not touch.  And
  themselves.  Mate lost temper with one of them that day and struck
  then, come good wind or foul, I shall save my soul, and my
  there were only the big wooden boxes, there were no odd corners
  they evidently thought there was some one in the ship, we would
  tired to double.  When morning watch came on deck could find no
  to stern.
  true to my trust.  God and the Blessed Virgin and the
  wait for any sign of cause.
  was steady, and as we ran before it there was no yawing.  I
  was wrong.  They only told him there was SOMETHING, and crossed
  watch, and let men snatch a few hours sleep.  Wind abating,
  went back to work cheerfully.  First mate scowled, but said
  wheel and when I got to it found no one there.  The wind
  when he saw a tall, thin man, who was not like any of the crew,
  when in the English Channel to be able to signal for help or get
  where a man could hide.  Men much relieved when search over, and
  who had got rid of the men one by one, and now he has
  wild-eyed and haggard, and I greatly fear his reason has
  wind, and I could not leave the helm.  I saw him come out
  wind.  Dare not lower, as could not raise them again.  We seem to
  with his mouth to my ear, as though fearing the very air
  with sails, no time to be frightened.  Men seem to have
  work the helm."  And with a warning look and his finger on
  would not say more than there was SOMETHING aboard.  Mate
  yet last night another man lost, disappeared.  Like the first, he
 10  Letter, Dr. Seward To Hon. Arthur Holmwood
 11  Lucy Westenra's Diary
 12  Dr. Seward's Diary
 13  Dr. Seward's Diary
 14  Mina Harker's Journal
 15  Dr. Seward's Diary
 16  Dr. Seward's Diary
 17  Dr. Seward's Diary
 18  Dr. Seward's Diary
 19  Jonathan Harker's Journal
 20  Jonathan Harker's Journal
 21  Dr. Seward's Diary
 22  Jonathan Harker's Journal
 23  Dr. Seward's Diary
 24  Dr. Seward's Phonograph Diary
 25  Dr. Seward's Diary
 26  Dr. Seward's Diary
 27  Mina Harker's Journal
"'Are you in the business yourself?' I says, tyking off my
"'Ittin' of them over the 'ead with a pole is one way.  Scratchin' of
"'Maybe it's you,' says I, for I did not like the airs as he
"'My dear young miss, I have the so great pleasure because you are
"'My dears, I want to drink your health and prosperity, and
"'Never mind,' he says.  I'm used to 'em!'
"'Nom,' says he, 'not exactly in the business, but I 'ave made pets
"'Ow yes, they would,' says I, a-imitatin' of him.  'They
"'Silence!  If you make a sound I shall take him and dash his brains
"'Tyke care,' says I. 'Bersicker is quick.'
"1 October.
"4 September.--Patient still better today."
"5 September.--Patient greatly improved.  Good appetite, sleeps
"6 September.--Terrible change for the worse.  Come at once.
"A little," he answered.  "It may be much eventually, but at present I
"A presage of horror!  What on earth do you mean?"
"A shock, and after brain fever so soon!  That is not good.  What kind
"A thousand thanks for your kind letter, which has taken a
"About ten days."
"Abraham Van Helsing."
"Afraid to go to sleep!  Why so?  It is the boon we all crave for."
"Again I swear!" came the Professor's resonant voice.
"Agreed!" said Arthur.  "That is only fair.  And now that the
"Ah, I can trust you!" she said.
"Ah, my child, that I do.  And indeed there is no wish of me to add to
"Ah, not if you were like me, if sleep was to you a presage of
"Ah, that wonderful Madam Mina!  She has man's brain, a brain that a
"Ah, then you have good memory for facts, for details?  It is not
"Ah, you are my favourite pupil still.  It is worth to teach you.  Now
"Ah, you don't comprehend, friend John.  Do not think that I am not
"Aha!" he said, "your simile of the tiger good, for me, and I shall
"Albemarle Hotel, 31 August
"All is dark.  I hear lapping water, level with me, and some creaking
"All over!  All over!  He has deserted me.  No hope for me now unless
"All right, guv'nor.  This 'ere is about the 'ole story.
"All we have to go upon are traditions and superstitions.  These do
"Already?" I remonstrated.  "You took a great deal more from Art."  To
"Am coming up by train.  Jonathan at Whitby.  Important news.  Mina
"Am summoned to see my father, who is worse.  Am writing.  Write
"An' when you said you'd report me for usin' obscene language that
"And I guess Art was in it too.  When I saw him four days ago down at
"And I, horses to follow on the bank lest by chance he land," said Mr.
"And I," said Mrs. Harker brightly, and more like her old self than
"And as it is all yours, you have a right to deal with it as you will.
"And doctor, as to life, what is it after all?  When you've got all
"And how is our patient?"
"And how long has this been going on?"
"And how was the blood lost or wasted?"  I shook my head.
"And how?"
"And indeed, indeed, sir," said Arthur warmly.  "I shall in all ways
"And is that stuff you have there going to do it?"
"And now for you, Madam Mina, this night is the end until all be well.
"And now tell me all about him."
"And now we must settle what we do.  We have here much data, and we
"And now, Dr. Seward, tell me all about it.  Too well I know the broad
"And now," he said, "may I ask you for some more help?  I have a great
"And so, my dear Madam Mina, it is that we have to rest for a time,
"And the flies?" I said.
"And then you will at least know the limit of my purpose.  Shall I go
"And then?"
"And what do you make of it?"
"And what is that, friend John?"
"And yet she has been dead one week.  Most peoples in that time would
"And you are Mrs. Harker!" I answered at once, whereupon she held out
"And you can't remember the number of the house?"
"And your police, they would interfere, would they not?"
"And your police?  Where will they be, and what will they say?"
"Any way!" I cried.  "We shall break in if need be."
"Are we to have nothing tonight?" said one of them, with a low laugh,
"Are you convinced now?" said the Professor, in response, and as he
"Arthur."
"As I expected," he murmured, with that hissing inspiration of his
"As I knew that he wanted to get back to Transylvania, I felt sure
"As I tell you, he would not say a word more, even when we were
"As for me," she said, "I have no fear.  Things have been as bad as
"As idle as a painted ship upon a painted ocean."
"As soon as the door was closed, however, the mask fell from her
"At 6:30 tomorrow morning!"  We all started, for the answer came from
"At Purfleet, on a byroad, I came across just such a place as seemed
"Back!  Back to your own place!  Your time is not yet come.  Wait!
"Be assured that he is well cared for.  He has won all hearts by his
"Because I get it back from the worthless wretch who stole it, from
"Because I know!"
"Because he walked with God."
"Because it is a part of the terrible story, a part of poor Lucy's
"Because your peasant is at heart a coward and a fool!  Those flames
"Because, dear sir, my coachman and horses are away on a mission."
"Because," he answered solemnly, "he can live for centuries, and you
"Because," he said sternly, "it is too late, or too early.  See!"
"Believe me,
"Believe me,
"Believe me, dear Sir,
"Blow spiders!  What's the use of spiders?  There isn't anything in
"But I beseech you, do not go forth in anger with me.  In a long life
"But I do mind," he answered.  "The affairs of their clients are
"But I would walk with pleasure.  I want to get away at once."
"But Madam Mina told me you were ill, that you had had a shock."
"But he cannot flourish without this diet, he eat not as others.  Even
"But how," said I, "can it have remained so long undiscovered, when
"But oh, my dear one," he pleaded, "death is afar off from you."
"But why do it at all?  The girl is dead.  Why mutilate her poor body
"But why not up to now?  We have seen hitherto how good light all the
"But why not?"
"But why, dear Madam Mina?  You know that your safety is our solemnest
"But why?" I asked.
"But you must be tired.  Your bedroom is all ready, and tomorrow you
"But, Art, this is different.  We broke house at Carfax, but we had
"But, Count," I said, "You know and speak English thoroughly!"  He
"But, dear one," she said, with such spiritual intensity that her eyes
"But, doctor, you praise me too much, and you do not know me."
"But, my dear girl, you may sleep tonight.  I am here watching you,
"But," I asked, "how are we to get the life without getting the soul
"But," I said, "surely you are not quite correct, for you start on the
"But," he answered, "I want him to talk of himself and of his delusion
"But," said he, "I could be at liberty to direct myself.  Is it not
"By all means," I said, "read it over whilst I order lunch, and then
"By making them happen.  Just as he used to send in the flies when the
"By your letter to Mina last night.  I was in doubt, and then
"Can I help you friend John?  I am free, and if I may, my service is
"Can't we get a special?" asked Lord Godalming.
"Certainly I shall.  If a man like you, who knows the animals from
"Certainly not, not for a week at least, longer if the wound is not
"Certainly," he replied with alacrity, and stood up to put it in train
"Certainly."
"Come!" he said.  "You are a man, and it is a man we want.  You are
"Come!" she said, "come away from this awful place!  Let us
"Come, let us see," he said.  And together we went into the room.
"Come," I said sternly, "no more of this, we have had quite enough
"Come," I said, "my dear old fellow, summon all your fortitude.  It
"Come," he said at last, "tell me of London and of the house which you
"Could you look, sir, into my heart, you would approve to the full the
"Count Dracula?"
"Count me in, Professor," said Mr. Quincey Morris, laconically as
"Czarina Catherine reported entering Galatz at one o'clock today."
"Czarina Catherine reported this morning from Dardanelles."
"Dear Madam Mina,
"Dear Madam,
"Dear Madam.
"Dear Sirs,--Herewith please receive invoice of goods sent by Great
"Dear Sirs,--We beg to acknowledge 10 pounds received and to return
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
"Denn die Todten reiten Schnell."  ("For the dead travel fast.")
"Destroyed?" asked the Professor.
"Did any one else see anything?"
"Did you hit it?" asked Dr. Van Helsing.
"Do I interrupt?" he asked politely as he stood at the door.
"Do as you will, friend.  Do as you will.  There can be no horror like
"Do as you will," said Jonathan, with a sob that shook him all over,
"Do not trouble about it now.  Forget it for the present.  You shall
"Do you forget," he said, with actually a smile, "that last night he
"Do you know what day it is?"  I answered that it was the fourth of
"Do you mean to tell me, friend John, that you have no suspicion as to
"Do you not see the child?"
"Do you wish me to stay so long?" I asked, for my heart grew cold at
"Don't you mind him, Sir!" broke in Mrs. Tom, with a cheery
"Dr. Seward, may I ask a favour?  I want to see your patient, Mr.
"Dr. Van Helsing, what I have to tell you is so queer that you must
"Dr. Van Helsing, you love Mina, I know.  Oh, do something to save her.
"Exactly.  I want you to give me your view of it.  Just tell me how
"Excuse me," I said, "but the answer is here."  I laid my hand on the
"For dear Lucy's sake," I said as we clasped hands.  "Ay, and for your
"For him!"  We were silent for a minute, and then Quincey said,
"For me?  Oh, Dr. Van Helsing!"
"Forgive me," I said.  "I could not help it, but I had been thinking
"Forgive me," said I.
"Frankly we did our best to prevent such a testamentary disposition,
"Frankly, however, I must admit that in this case any other form of
"Friend John,
"Friend John, forgive me if I pain.  I showed not my feeling to others
"Friend Jonathan, this is to you for twice reasons.  First, because
"Friend Quincey is right!" said the Professor.  "His head is what you
"Go on, go on!  Speak, I command you!" said Van Helsing in an agonized
"Go on," said Arthur hoarsely.  "Tell me what I am to do."
"Go on," said Harker hoarsely.  So he bowed his head and moistening his
"God bless me!" he said.  "If there ain't old Bersicker come back by
"Good God, Professor!" I said, starting up.  "Do you mean to tell me
"Good boy!" said Van Helsing.  "In the not-so-far-off you will be
"Good boy," said Dr. Van Helsing.  "Brave boy.  Quincey is all man.
"Good evening, Mr. Renfield," said she.  "You see, I know you, for Dr.
"Good!" he said, and then went on to ask about the means of making
"Good!" said Van Helsing, "Winchesters it shall be.  Quincey's head is
"Good!" said the Professor, "both good.  But neither must go alone.
"Good, good!  Oh, you so clever lady!" said Van Helsing,
"Good, oh my friend John!  Well thought of!  Truly Miss Lucy, if she
"Have I been talking in my sleep?" was all she said.  She seemed,
"Have not my Jonathan travelled it and wrote of his travel?"
"Have you got what you looked for?" I asked.
"He can come in mist which he create, that noble ship's captain proved
"He can do all these things, yet he is not free.  Nay, he is even more
"He come on moonlight rays as elemental dust, as again Jonathan saw
"He doubted me when I took him from her kiss when she was dying.  I
"He has all along, since his coming, been trying his power, slowly but
"He has had some terrible shock, and I fear it might tax his poor
"He is her lover, her fiance.  You have work, much work to do for her
"He is sure with his so great knowledge that she will come at his
"He may have intend to bury them deep in the ground.  So that only he
"He thought he saw some one who recalled something terrible, something
"He was there too.  He must 'a started off and got there afore me, for
"He will be here before long now," said Van Helsing, who had been
"Heavens and earth, no!" cried Arthur in a storm of passion.  "Not for
"Here is some change.  It is a hope that makes me sick, for it may
"Here, there is one thing which is different from all recorded.  Here
"His red eyes again!  They are just the same."  It was such an odd
"How dare you touch him, any of you?  How dare you cast eyes on him
"How did you get in if both houses were empty?"
"How did you get into the house in Piccadilly?" I asked.
"How do you mean, Professor?" I asked.  I was a little inclined to
"How do you mean, ask them questions?" I queried, wishful to get him
"How do you mean, ma'am?" asked the Professor.
"How is your dear mother getting on?  I wish I could run up
"How know you it?" I ask.
"How on earth do you know?" said Art.
"How stolen," I asked in wonder, "since you have it now?"
"I accept your limitation," said Van Helsing, "and all I ask of you is
"I agree with you with all my heart," I answered earnestly, for I did
"I am glad you found your way in here, for I am sure there is much
"I am here to do your bidding, Master.  I am your slave, and you will
"I am in doubt, and so have done the best thing I know of. I have
"I am still, oh so still.  It is like death!"  The voice faded away
"I am with you," said Lord Godalming, "for Lucy's sake, if for no
"I am younger and stronger, Professor.  It must be me."
"I answer for Mina and myself," he said.
"I appeal to your friends," he said, "they will, perhaps, not mind
"I believe Van Helsing saw it, too, for I saw the quick look
"I believe it is the Count, but he has grown young.  My God, if this
"I came to speak about the certificate of death.  If we do not act
"I can see nothing.  It is all dark."
"I can see nothing.  We are still.  There are no waves lapping, but
"I can tell you, I think, Dr. Van Helsing, all about it."
"I can't make her out," he said.  "She's a Russian, by the look of
"I care for nothing now," he answered hotly, "except to wipe out this
"I could easily see that she was somewhat bloodless, but I could not
"I could not see him anywhere in the passage, or in any of our rooms.
"I desire it much, nay I will take no refusal.  When your master,
"I did not say she was alive, my child.  I did not think it.  I go no
"I didn't quite dream, but it all seemed to be real.  I only wanted to
"I do believe the dear soul thought I might be jealous lest my poor
"I do not care about it.  I can send for it some other time."
"I do not know.  It is all strange to me!"
"I do not know.  Sleep has no place it can call its own."  For several
"I do not know.  Someone has done it."
"I don't know, I fancy not, for it flew away into the wood."  Without
"I don't know.  Oh, I don't know.  And that is what is so terrible.
"I don't quite see the drift of it, but you people are all so good and
"I don't see that at all, Mr. Renfield," said Mrs. Harker, at once
"I don't see where the joke comes in there either!" I said, and I did
"I don't want an elephant's soul, or any soul at all!" he said.  For a
"I don't want any souls!" he said in a feeble, apologetic way.  The
"I fail to understand," said Harker wearily.  "Oh, do be more plain to
"I fear that he does not appraise me at much.  Our interview was
"I felt my strength fading away, and I was in a half swoon.  How long
"I found Miss Westenra in seemingly gay spirits.  Her mother was
"I guess Art is the cause."
"I have an idea.  I suppose it must have come in the night, and
"I have been thinking, and have made up my mind as to what is best.
"I have not examined it yet," I answered, and then and there proceeded
"I have read your husband's so wonderful diary.  You may
"I have read your letters to Miss Lucy.  Forgive me, but I had to
"I have studied, over and over again since they came into my hands,
"I hope I did not keep you waiting," I said, "but I stayed at the door
"I hope," said Van Helsing, "that when you are sending the child home
"I knew you from the description of poor dear Lucy, but . . ."  She
"I know now how I suffered," he said, as he dried his eyes, "but I do
"I know you will be anxious to hear all that has happened
"I must gang ageeanwards home now, miss.  My grand-daughter doesn't
"I must regret that an attack of gout, from which malady I am a
"I pray you to pardon my writing, in that I am so far
"I pray you, be seated and sup how you please.  You will I trust,
"I pray you, my good young friend, that you will not discourse of
"I promise!" I said, and for a moment she looked supremely happy.
"I promise," he said as I gave him the papers.  "I shall in the
"I promise," said Lucy.  "And thank you both a thousand times for all
"I see," I said.  "You want big things that you can make your teeth
"I shall cut off her head and fill her mouth with garlic, and I shall
"I shall get a steam launch and follow him," said Lord Godalming.
"I shall illustrate.  Your friend and mine, Mr. Peter Hawkins, from
"I shall not wait for any opportunity," said Morris.  "When I see the
"I shall report to you any matter of interest occurring here, and
"I should get a respectable locksmith, and set him to work to pick the
"I suppose so."
"I swear it!" he said solemnly, kneeling beside her and holding up his
"I swear the same, my dear Madam Mina!" said Van Helsing.  "And I!"
"I swear to you by all that I hold sacred that I have not removed or
"I take it that both you and Van Helsing had done already what I did
"I thank you, Sir," said Van Helsing proudly.  "I have done myself the
"I thank you, my friend, for your all too-flattering estimate, but yet
"I think I came just in the nick of time.  You know you have only to
"I took the sleeping draught which you had so kindly given me, but for
"I trust you will forgive me, but I have much work to do in private
"I want you to come with me, and to come in secret, to the churchyard
"I want you to do me a favour.  Lucy is ill, that is she has no
"I want you to hypnotize me!" she said.  "Do it before the dawn, for I
"I want you to read the Burial Service."  She was interrupted by a
"I want your permission to do what I think good this night.  It is, I
"I was myself looking out of the study window, having a
"I was uneasy about you, darling, and came in to see that
"I was.  It rather upset me for a bit.  There has been so much trouble
"I will go," he said, and hurried into the Professor's room.
"I will try to.  But you will forgive me if I seem too egotistical."
"I wonder," I said reflectively, "what an elephant's soul is like!"
"I would.  If there were no friend who loved me, who would save me
"I wouldn't fash masel' about them, miss.  Them things be all wore
"I write by desire of Mr. Jonathan Harker, who is himself not strong
"I write this in case anything should happen.  I go alone to
"I'll be tellin' ye quick!" he answered, and stepping down to his
"I'm the depity," he answered.
"If it be so, farewell.
"If that were all, I would stop here where we are now, and let her
"If you wish," I answered as demurely as I could.  He opened it, and
"In God's name what does this mean?" Harker cried out.  "Dr. Seward,
"In God's name, Professor Van Helsing, what do you mean?" I cried.
"In accordance with your wishes, I enclose report of the
"In manus tuas, Domine!" he said, crossing himself as he passed over
"Indeed," I said, "You speak excellently."
"Indeed?  That is so, and by whom?"
"Is anything wrong?" he asked, in alarm.
"Is this a juggle?" I said to him.
"It be all fool-talk, lock, stock, and barrel, that's what it be and
"It does," he said solemnly.
"It is Mina Murray that I came to see that was friend of that poor dear
"It is all over," said Van Helsing.  "She is dead!"
"It is all right.  We found both places.  Six boxes in each and we
"It is her body, and yet not it.  But wait a while, and you shall see
"It is like poor Lucy's."
"It is needless, I have seen him!"
"It is not too late.  It beats, though but feebly.  All our work is
"It is perhaps well," he said, "that at our meeting after our visit to
"It is the eve of St. George's Day.  Do you not know that tonight,
"It is."
"It may be that you may have to bear that mark till God himself see
"It seems an age since I heard from you, or indeed since I
"It was worth for this to die!  Look!  Look!"
"It was."
"It would comfort me, my husband!" was all she said, and he began to
"Jack, I was so anxious.  I read between the lines of your letter, and
"Jonathan will be here at half-past eleven, and you must come to lunch
"Jonathan, I want you to promise me something on your word of honour.
"Jonathan," she said, and the word sounded like music on her lips it
"Just so.  Said he not that the transfusion of his blood to her veins
"Lay your poor head here and rest it.  All will yet be well, dear!  God
"Let him go on.  Do not interrupt him.  He cannot go back, and maybe
"Let me entreat you, Dr. Seward, oh, let me implore you, to let me out
"Let me write this all out now.  We must be ready for Dr. Van Helsing
"Listen to them, the children of the night.  What music they make!"
"Little girl!"  The very words he had used to Lucy, and, oh, but he
"Look here, Sir," I said, "does what you have to do concern the
"Look here, old fellow," said Morris, "it is a capital idea to have
"Look out for D.  He has just now, 12:45, come from Carfax
"Look!  Isten szek!"--"God's seat!"--and he crossed himself reverently.
"Lucy dear, do you know why I tell you all this?  It is not only
"Lucy, the time has come and gone.  I feel very solemn, but very,
"Lucy, you are an honest hearted girl, I know.  I should not be here
"Lucy.
"MITCHELL, SONS & CANDY."
"Man!" he said, "but it made us afeard, for we expect it that we
"May God give him into my hand just for long enough to destroy that
"May I come also?" asked Lord Godalming.
"May begin?" I said.  "What on earth do you mean?"
"May it not frighten her terribly?  It is unusual to break into a
"Me too," said Quincey Morris laconically.
"Me too?" said Quincey Morris.  "May I come?" said Harker.  I nodded,
"Mina Harker"
"Mina Harker"
"Mina Harker."
"Mina," I said, "a promise like that, I cannot make at once.  I may
"Mind, nothing must be said of this.  If our young lover should turn
"Miss Lucy, I know I ain't good enough to regulate the fixin's of
"Mittel Land" ran the road, losing itself as it swept round the grassy
"Monster, give me my child!"
"Mrs. Harker, is it not?"  I bowed assent.
"Must we make an autopsy?" I asked.
"Must!  But why?" I asked.
"My Lord,
"My dear Art,
"My dear Art,
"My dear Dr. Van Helsing,
"My dear Jack,
"My dear old fellow,
"My dearest Lucy,
"My dearest Lucy,
"My dearest Mina,
"My friend.--Welcome to the Carpathians.  I am anxiously expecting
"My friends, we are going into a terrible danger, and we need arms of
"My god!" he said.  "This is dreadful.  There is not time to be lost.
"My good Friend,
"My husband and I are staying on a visit with Dr. Seward."
"My life is a barren and lonely one, and so full of work that I have
"My news today is not so good.  Lucy this morning had gone back a
"My opinion is this: that 'ere wolf is a'idin' of, somewheres.  The
"My poor little feet didn't make much noise then!  I daresay poor old
"My true friend!" was all she could say amid her fast-falling tears,
"My young sir, I do not ask so much as that, not the last!"
"Nay!  Fear not, you must be egotist, for it is of you that we think."
"Nay, friend Jonathan," he said, "in this, the quickest way home is
"Nay, sir, you are my guest.  It is late, and my people are not
"Nay," she said, holding up a warning hand.  "I am deeper in death at
"Never used no key nor nothink.  The old gent, he opened the door
"No one knew where he went 'or bloomin' well cared' as they said, for
"No one need ever know, shall ever know," I said in a low voice.  She
"No sitting up tonight for you.  You are worn out.  I am quite well
"No trifling with me!  I never jest!  There is grim purpose in what I
"No!  No!  Do not go without.  Here you are safe!"
"No!  No!  Jonathan, you must not leave me.  I have suffered enough
"No!" said I, "unless it was to get an opportunity of seeing me
"No, dear," I said.  "I don't know him, who is it?"  His answer seemed
"No, doctor, but I wrote it all down at the time.  I can show it to
"No, no, not that, for God's sake!  Not yet at any rate.  Forgive me,
"No, poor dear.  I never thought of it."
"No, sir.  But ye needn't have no difficulty about that.  It's a 'igh
"No," I replied.  "But Mina wants to see Dr. Van Helsing at once."
"No," I said, in a way that I felt was aggressive.
"No," I said.  "I waited till I had seen you, as I said in my
"No," he whispered, "not yet!  Hold her hand, it will comfort her
"No," said he.  "I am sick of all that rubbish!"  He certainly is a
"No," she said quite simply, "it will not be necessary.  You can tell
"No.  I am afraid."
"Not at all," I answered.  "Come in.  My work is finished, and I am
"Not know you, I, who am old, and who have studied all my life men and
"Not on your life!" he said, "not for your living soul and hers!"  And
"Not so!" said Van Helsing, holding up his hand.
"Not so," he answered.  "Well, I know that, did I move and speak in
"Not up to this moment, Professor," she said impulsively, "but up to
"Now let us see how far the general powers arrayed against us are
"Now suppose that you were, in truth, the owner of that house, and
"Now you go home, and eat much and drink enough.  Make yourself
"Now, Mr. Bilder, can you account in any way for the escape
"Now, Sir, you can go on and arsk me what you want.  You'll excoose
"Now," he said, "friend John, where are the skeleton keys?  If so that
"Now," she said.  "You must stay here.  I shall leave this door open
"Oceans of love and millions of kisses, and may you soon be in your
"Of course I know it," she answer, and with a pause, add,
"Of course!" answered the Professor quickly.  "You must remain to take
"Of course," I replied, and "Such is often done by men of business,
"Of nervous prostration following a great loss or waste of blood."
"Oh no!  Not if they knew the man was properly employed."
"Oh that we had known it before!" he said, "for then we might have
"Oh yes!  But that is all right.  You needn't worry about that!"
"Oh, Madam Mina, I know that the friend of that poor little girl must
"Oh, Madam Mina, I well be grateful.  You will do me much favour."
"Oh, Madam Mina," he said, "dear, dear, Madam Mina, alas!  That I of
"Oh, Madam Mina," he said, "how can I say what I owe to you?  This
"Oh, Madam Mina," he said, sadly, "it is proof, if proof be needed, of
"Oh, Mr. Swales, you can't be serious.  Surely these tombstones are
"Oh, Professor, I believe you are only putting up a joke on me.  Why,
"Oh, Professor, why ask me to do what you know I can't?  I don't
"Oh, hush!  Oh, hush in the name of the good God.  Don't say such
"Oh, hush, hush, my child!" said Van Helsing.  "God does not purchase
"Oh, it was the grim irony of it all, this so lovely lady garlanded
"Oh, my friend, it is because I would save Madam Mina from that awful
"Oh, my wife, must I read it?" he said, before he began.
"Oh, no, not distressed me," she replied.  "But I have been more
"Oh, very well," he said, "let her come in, by all means, but just
"Oh, yes!  I know that!  I know that, but do you know what day it is?"
"Oh, you so clever woman!" he said.  "I knew long that Mr. Jonathan
"Oh," he replied with a smile, "I was only entering my diary."
"Oh," said the Professor, "then you are nearer the beginning, both of
"One more request," she became very solemn as she said this, "it is
"One of our gard'ners was a-comin' 'ome about that time from a
"Only at certain times can he have limited freedom.  If he be not at
"Or spiders?" I went on.
"Ordog"--Satan, "Pokol"--hell, "stregoica"--witch, "vrolok" and
"Our dear Madam Mina is once more our teacher.  Her eyes have been
"P.P.S.--We are to be married on 28 September."
"P.S.--Mother sends her love.  She seems better, poor dear.
"P.S.--My patient being asleep, I open this to let you know
"Pardon me," I said, with equal politeness, "but I have a special
"Patrick Hennessey."
"Perhaps I am!" he answered quietly as he began to make the wreath
"Perhaps a body-snatcher," I suggested.  "Some of the undertaker's
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
"Pray do not take us as exceeding the bounds of business courtesy
"Professor, let me be your pet student again.  Tell me the thesis, so
"Quick!" he said.  "Bring the brandy."
"Quincey and I talked it over, but the more we talked, the more
"Quite so.  But there was a difficulty, friend John.  If so that, then
"Quite so.  Do you know why I asked her to get the manuscript?"
"Right y'are, Sir," he said briskly.  "Ye'll excoose me, I
"Right, my friend," he said.  "Quite right!  Better he not know as
"Sam Bloxam, Korkrans, 4 Poters Cort, Bartel Street, Walworth.  Arsk
"See!" he said, "here you will be in shelter.  And if the wolves do
"Send the attendant away.  We must be alone with him when he becomes
"Shall I have a nurse?" I asked.
"She complains of difficulty breathing satisfactorily at times, and
"She has come and told me that the Chaplain of the English mission
"She is a sweet, good soul, and the next day, when she saw I was
"She is going through the house, and wants to see every one in it," I
"She is one of God's women, fashioned by His own hand to show us men
"She makes a very beautiful corpse, sir.  It's quite a privilege to
"She said to me very sweetly, 'I cannot tell you how I loathe
"Simply that there is some cause in common.  Whatever it was that
"Sir, you have come in time.  You are the lover of our dear miss.  She
"Sir," I said, "you could have no better claim on me than that you
"So far, then, we have all we may act upon, and let me tell you that
"So far," he said, "our night has been eminently successful.  No harm
"So here we are, installed in this beautiful old house, and
"So, so!" I thought to myself, "this is the second time he has
"Stay, my friends.  That ship, wherever it was, was weighing anchor at
"Such a sad blow has befallen us.  Mr. Hawkins has died very
"Surely," I said, "you do not mind letting me know so much."
"Take care you do not disturb it, and even if the room feel close, do
"Take care," he said, "take care how you cut yourself.  It is more
"Take me with you, friend John," said the Professor.  "His case in your
"Take these," he said, "and study them well.  When I have returned you
"Take this stake in your left hand, ready to place to the point over
"Tell me!" I said.  "I can hazard no opinion.  I do not know what to
"Tell you of her death?  Not for the wide world!"
"Ten days!  Then I guess, Jack Seward, that that poor pretty creature
"Thank you, thank you a thousand times!  You have taken a weight off my
"That 'ere 'ouse, guv'nor, is the rummiest I ever was in.  Blyme!  But
"That I may die now, either by my own hand or that of another, before
"That is a good image," he said.  "Well, I shall tell you.  My thesis
"That is good logic," he said, "so far as it goes.  But how do you,
"That is true indirectly, but not directly."
"That it is not there."
"That night we were just in time.  One more so small child was
"That other of his race who, in a later age, again and again, brought
"That treasure has been hidden," he went on, "in the region through
"That was Miss Mina Murray?"  Again I assented.
"That won't harm ye, my pretty, an' it may make poor Geordie gladsome
"That's fair enough," broke in Morris.
"That's frank anyhow," broke in Quincey.  "I'll answer for the
"That's my brave girl.  It's better worth being late for a chance of
"That's so," I said, and he went on.
"That's so."
"That's so."
"The Count is a criminal and of criminal type.  Nordau and Lombroso
"The Host.  I brought it from Amsterdam.  I have an Indulgence."
"The Kensington Horror," or "The Stabbing Woman," or "The
"The advice is good!" said Van Helsing, so we said no more.  Godalming
"The blood is the life!  The blood is the life!"
"The branch of wild rose on his coffin keep him that he move not from
"The dear sisters were so kind.  Please, God, I shall never, never
"The estate is called Carfax, no doubt a corruption of the old Quatre
"The fact is," he began awkwardly, "I only keep my diary in it, and as
"The lapping of water.  It is gurgling by, and little waves leap.  I
"The place smells so vilely," said the latter as we came in.  It did
"The qualitative analysis give a quite normal condition, and shows,
"The sound of men stamping overhead as they run about.  There is the
"The two carriers were at first loud in their threats of
"The whole nine?" I asked.
"Then I am with you heart and soul.  As you go by the 10:30 train, you
"Then don't stay."
"Then get ready at once.  I will bring up my bag.  I am prepared."
"Then he asked his way civilly enough, and I told him where
"Then he called me back, and he said to me very solemnly,
"Then he spoke to me mockingly, 'And so you, like the others, would
"Then it is well.  Now, Madam Mina, you are in any case quite safe
"Then let us come at once," I cried, "we are wasting the precious,
"Then what are you doing here?"
"Then write now, my young friend," he said, laying a heavy hand on my
"Then you are on a ship?'"
"Then you want me not to let some previous conviction inure the
"Then, as he is criminal he is selfish.  And as his intellect is small
"Then," he looked at me as keenly as he spoke, "all that is in doubt
"There are mysteries which men can only guess at, which age by age
"There are such beings as vampires, some of us have evidence that they
"There is no carriage here.  The Herr is not expected after all.  He
"There is not hurry.  It is more late than I thought.  Come, let us
"There must be no concealment," she said.  "Alas!  We have had too
"There was the old party what engaged me a waitin' in the 'ouse at
"There you are right," I said.  "I know no more than the dead where
"There's nothing to do but to wait here.  If, however, he doesn't turn
"There, I knew the poor old chap would get into some kind of
"There, you know now why I love him so.  And yet when he say things
"Therefore I write this in case . . . Take the papers that
"These are for you, Miss Lucy," he said.
"They are all converging," he said.  "When the time comes we shall have
"They make known to us among them, how last afternoon at about five
"They were made by Miss Lucy!"
"This is the spot," said the Professor as he turned his lamp on a
"This is too much!" he said, angrily rising again.  "I am willing to
"This was stolen in the night."
"Thus when we find the habitation of this man-that-was, we can confine
"Thus, in order to be quite safe, we must leave here on 17th at
"To believe in things that you cannot.  Let me illustrate.  I heard
"To believe what?"
"To enter the tomb!"
"To hell with you and your souls!" he shouted.  "Why do you plague me
"To open the coffin.  You shall yet be convinced."
"To open the coffin."
"To please their relatives, I suppose."
"To please their relatives, you suppose!"  This he said with intense
"To what?" he asked gently, whilst we were all very still, for each in
"Tomorrow I want you to bring me, before night, a set of post-mortem
"Tonight I can sleep in peace, and sleep I want, two nights of travel,
"Traveller's" typewriter, and to Mr. Morris for getting this one for
"UnDead!  Not alive!  What do you mean?  Is this all a nightmare, or
"Unclean!  Unclean!  Even the Almighty shuns my polluted flesh!  I
"Unclean, unclean!  I must touch him or kiss him no more.  Oh, that it
"Unless some solemn duty come upon me to go back to the bitter hours,
"VAN HELSING"
"VAN HELSING."
"Van Helsing has come and gone.  He came on with me to Hillingham,
"Van Helsing made a very careful examination of the patient.  He is
"Van Helsing would, I know, do anything for me for a personal
"Van Helsing."
"WILHELMINA HARKER"
"Was I right?" I asked triumphantly.
"We Szekelys have a right to be proud, for in our veins flows the
"We are at all times only too happy to meet your wishes.  We beg,
"We are in Transylvania, and Transylvania is not England.  Our ways
"We are now so much further advanced in our knowledge as to their
"We are the best nurses, you and I.  You keep watch all night.  See
"We are, dear Sirs,
"We are, dear Sirs,
"We are, my Lord,
"We can attend to them later."  Then we ascended to Lucy's room.  For an
"We can do nothing as yet.  Wait and see."
"We four?" said Harker interrogatively, looking from one to another of
"We got into the other," answered Lord Godalming quickly.
"We have learnt something . . . much!  Notwithstanding his brave words,
"We know the worst now," he said.  "He is here, and we know his
"We lunched alone, and as we all exerted ourselves to be cheerful,
"We must consult as to what is to be done," he said as we descended
"We must trace each of these boxes, and when we are ready, we must
"We must," said Van Helsing grimly.  "If the door be locked, I shall
"We owe you so much, Dr. Seward, for all you have done, but you really
"We shall both come when you will," I said.
"We shall see!" he answered, as he hurried out.  He came back a moment
"We shall see," said the Professor, and with one impulse we took our
"We shall wait," said Van Helsing, "just long enough to fix the best
"We thought her dying whilst she slept, and sleeping when she died."
"We want no proofs.  We ask none to believe us!  This boy will some
"We were just in time," said the Professor thankfully.
"Welcome to my house!  Enter freely and of your own free will!"  He
"Welcome to my house!  Enter freely.  Go safely, and leave something
"Well then, Sir, I accounts for it this way.  It seems to me that
"Well, I have good reason now for all I want to do.  You have for many
"Well, I never!" said the old lady.
"Well, I was anxious about the dear child in the night, and went into
"Well, Sir, it was about two hours after feedin' yesterday when I
"Well, Sir," he said, with a suspicious sort of modesty, "I think I
"Well, as to the visit, Lucy was more cheerful than on the day I
"Well, but, my friend, is it not needful that I should?  When I go
"Well, for the life of me, Professor," I said, "I can't see anything
"Well, in him the brain powers survived the physical death.  Though it
"Well, it was a odd thing, but when the animiles see us
"Well, my dear, I got to Hull all right, and caught the boat to
"Well, my dear, what could I say?  I could only tell him that I was
"Well, what else be they tombstones for?  Answer me that, miss!"
"Well, when I left her, or rather when she left me," I answered.
"Well, you know what we have to contend against, but we too, are not
"Well," said I.  "I can make nothing of it."
"Well?"
"Well?" he said.
"Well?" said Van Helsing.
"What about them yourself?" I asked.
"What an asinine question!"
"What are we to do now?  Where are we to turn for help?  We must have
"What are you doing?"
"What are you going to do?" I asked.
"What brought you here?" I cried as our hands met.
"What can I do?" asked Arthur hoarsely.  "Tell me, and I shall do it.
"What do you hear?"  I could detect the strain in the Professor's
"What do you make of it?"
"What do you see?"
"What do you think of that?" he asked as he stood back and folded his
"What does this tell us?  Not much?  No!  The Count's child thought
"What else do you hear?"
"What has happened?  Tell me all about it!" he cried without pausing.
"What is that time?"  The voice was Quincey's, but it was low and
"What is that way?" asked Van Helsing in a hoarse voice.  "What is
"What is that which you are using?"  This time the question was by
"What ridiculous nonsense you are talking?"  He was getting too wide
"What shall I do?"  There was fire in his eyes, and his open nostrils
"What shall we do exactly?" asked Mr. Morris laconically.
"What was the name of the man who took it?" asked Dr. Van Helsing with
"What's the matter with me, anyhow?"
"What?" I said.  "You don't mean to tell me you don't care about
"When I received your letter I am already coming to you.  By good
"When does the next train start for Galatz?" said Van Helsing to us
"When he woke he asked me for his coat, as he wanted to get
"When you come back, Jack, may I have two words with you all to
"When you find anything of the solicitor who is for the late Mrs.
"When you shall be convinced that I am so changed that it is better
"Where are you now?"
"Where are you?"  The answer came in a neutral way.
"Where poor Lucy is buried?"
"Who brought him home, I wonder, to hap him here?  Murdered off the
"Why not go on?" I asked.  She shook her head, and coming
"Why not now?" I asked.  "It may do some good.  We may arrive at some
"Why not?" I asked, for some grave, terrible feeling was coming over me.
"Why not?" I asked.  For his solemnity of the night before had
"Why, 'e took up 'is end o' the boxes like they was pounds of tea, and
"Why, I myself am an instance of a man who had a strange belief.
"Why, Mina, have I been asleep!  Oh, do forgive me for being so rude.
"Why?" I asked.
"Will you not come over to the fire?" for I wished to make
"With regard to Miss Westenra's health I hasten to let you know at
"With that he pulled open his shirt, and with his long sharp nails
"With the sad experience of Miss Lucy, we must this time be warned
"Wonderful woman!" murmured the Professor.
"Would it not be well to hear what I have to say?" said Van Helsing.
"Yabblins!  There may be a poorish few not wrong, savin' where they
"Ye don't see aught funny!  Ha-ha!  But that's because ye don't gawm
"Yes and no.  I want to operate, but not what you think.  Let me tell
"Yes!  The flies like it, too, and I like the flies, therefore I like
"Yes, and it was a sweet and comforting idea for him."
"Yes, it is a child, but who brought it here?  And is it wounded?"
"Yes, it is necessary, necessary, necessary!  For your sake in the
"Yes, my dear, but not for you to play with.  These are medicines."
"Yes, there is some one I love, though he has not told me
"Yes," I said, "Jonathan Harker."
"Yes," I said.  "Charcot has proved that pretty well."
"Yes," he answered.  "I keep it in this."  As he spoke he laid his
"Yes."
"You are in part right, friend John, but only in part.  I want to tell
"You are quite right.  I did not trust you because I did not know
"You did."
"You do not know me," I said.  "When you have read those papers, my
"You do not want to sleep?"
"You forget, or perhaps you do not know, though Jonathan does and so
"You have," I said frankly, but at the same time, as I felt, brutally.
"You helped to attend dear Lucy at the end.  Let me hear how she died,
"You know that Mrs. Westenra left you all her property?"
"You loved her too, old fellow.  She told me all about it, and there
"You may go anywhere you wish in the castle, except where the doors
"You must take me with you.  I am safer with you, and you shall be
"You tell me that Lord Godalming and Mr. Morris are coming too.  Let
"You think to baffle me, you with your pale faces all in a row, like
"You too, my dearest," she said, with infinite yearning of pity in her
"You were with me here yesterday.  Was the body of Miss Lucy in that
"You will be glad to know that Lucy is better.  The dear child is
"You will need, after your journey, to refresh yourself by making your
"You will please deposit the boxes, fifty in number, which form the
"You will?  Oh, will you really?  How good you are to me.  Then I will
"You would not kill yourself?" he asked, hoarsely.
"You yourself never loved.  You never love!"  On this the other women
"Young miss is bad, very bad.  She wants blood, and blood she must
"Your Lordship's humble servants,
"Your diary?" I asked him in surprise.
"Your ever-loving
"Your faithful and grateful friend,
"Your loving
"Yours always."
"Yours ever,"
"Yours faithfully,
"Yours the most faithful,
"Yours,
"Yours, with sympathy
"Yus, it was a big 'all, an' there was nothin' else in it."
"Yus, there was five in the first load an' four in the second.  It was
"be cruel only to be kind."  So I said, "You like life, and you want
"bloofer lady" had asked him to come for a walk, the others
"bloofer lady" is supremely funny.  Some of our caricaturists
"bloofer lady".
"bloofer lady."  It has always been late in the evening when
"mansion," was sold, he considered my business as concluded.  When I
"showing off," so I put in a word to keep him going.
"there may be some wild specimen from the South of a more malignant
"they are even sharper than before.  With this and this," and he
"ting" of the gold, as some of the sovereigns fell on the flagging.
"vlkoslak"--both mean the same thing, one being Slovak and the other
"we are in the hands of God!"
'Dailygraph' and 'The Whitby Gazette', of which I had made cuttings,
'I can tell you this much, my dear.  That it was not about anything
'Spainiards,' and drove to town.
'Tell Arthur everything you choose.  I do not care for myself, but
'Toll!  Toll!  Toll!' so sad and slow, and those holy men, with the
'Wilhelmina', I knew then that he was in deadly earnest, for he has
'Yes' and 'No.'  You, John, yes, for it is a study of insanity.  You,
'ad their sherry and kawffee, so to speak, afore I tries on with the
'ands, and he pointed out the animiles to me and says, 'Keeper,
'arm in 'im."
'armony, when he sees a big gray dog comin' out through the garding
'at, for a man what trades in wolves, anceterer, is a good
'bloofer lady'."
'brool' over the sea that sounds like some passage of doom.  Dark
'cobble' or his 'mule', as they term the different classes of boats,
'edges.  At least, so he says, but I don't give much for it myself,
'ere wolf escaped--simply because he wanted to get out."
'home', "their face show what they are, but this so sweet that was
'im soon in the mornin', never mind the booze the night afore."
'isself an' shut it again when I druv off.  I don't remember the last
'isself!"
'stregoica' witch, 'ordog' and 'pokol' Satan and hell, and in one
'un with a stone front with a bow on it, an' 'igh steps up to the
'virgin crants and maiden strewments.'  I never liked garlic before,
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
(Confidence)
(ENTERED IN HER JOURNAL)
(Kept in shorthand)
(Mem., Under what circumstances would I not avoid the pit of hell?)
(PASTED IN MINA MURRAY'S JOURNAL)
(Sent to Carfax, Sussex, as no county given, delivered late
(Unopened by her)
(a) He must be brought back by some one.  This is evident;
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
(b) How is he to be taken?--Here a process of exclusions may
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
(x) There are people.  And people are curious, and
(y) There are, or there may be, customs and octroi officers
(z) His pursuers might follow.  This is his highest fear.
*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DRACULA ***
*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DRACULA ***
*** START: FULL LICENSE ***
***** This file should be named 345.txt or 345.zip *****
- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
. . .  Suddenly I became broad awake, and sat up, with a horrible sense
. . . Three nights has the same thing happened, violent all day then
1 August.--I came up here an hour ago with Lucy, and we had a most
1 July.--His spiders are now becoming as great a nuisance as his
1 November, evening.--No news all day.  We have found nothing of the
1 November.--All day long we have travelled, and at a good speed.  The
1 October, 4 A.M.--Just as we were about to leave the house, an urgent
1 October, 5 A.M.--I went with the party to the search with an easy
1 October, evening.--I found Thomas Snelling in his house at Bethnal
1 October, later.--I suppose it was natural that we should have all
1 October.--I am puzzled afresh about Renfield.  His moods change so
1 October.--It is strange to me to be kept in the dark as I am today,
1 October.--It was towards noon when I was awakened by the Professor
1 September
1.  By Road.--There are endless difficulties, especially in
1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:
1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
1.E.9.
1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
1.F.
1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
10 August.--The funeral of the poor sea captain today was most
10 September.--I was conscious of the Professor's hand on my head, and
10 pm.--I have visited him again and found him sitting in a corner
10:30 train, which will bring you to Paddington by 2:35.  Do not
11 August.--Diary again.  No sleep now, so I may as well write.  I am
11 October, Evening.--Jonathan Harker has asked me to note this, as he
11 September.--This afternoon I went over to Hillingham.  Found Van
11 am.--The attendant has just been to see me to say that Renfield has
11 pm.--I gave Renfield a strong opiate tonight, enough to make even
12 August,
12 August.--My expectations were wrong, for twice during the night I
12 May.--Let me begin with facts, bare, meager facts, verified by
12 September.--How good they all are to me.  I quite love that dear
13 August.--Another quiet day, and to bed with the key on my wrist as
13 September.--Called at the Berkeley and found Van Helsing, as usual,
14 August.--On the East Cliff, reading and writing all day.  Lucy seems
15 August.--Rose later than usual.  Lucy was languid and tired, and
15 May.--Once more I have seen the count go out in his lizard fashion.
15 October, Varna.--We left Charing Cross on the morning of the 12th,
16 October.--Mina's report still the same.  Lapping waves and rushing
16 was the address.  We found out that this was all the Captain knew,
17 August
17 August.--No diary for two whole days.  I have not had the heart to
17 June.--This morning, as I was sitting on the edge of my bed
17 October.--Everything is pretty well fixed now, I think, to welcome
17 September
17 September, Night.--I write this and leave it to be seen,
17 September.--Do not fail to be at Hilllingham tonight.
17 September.--Four days and nights of peace.  I am getting so strong
17 September.--I was engaged after dinner in my study posting up my
17, Chatham Street
18 August.--I am happy today, and write sitting on the seat in the
18 June.--He has turned his mind now to spiders, and has got several
18 May.--I have been down to look at that room again in daylight, for
18 September
18 September.--I drove at once to Hillingham and arrived early.
18 September.--Just off train to London.  The arrival of Van
1897 edition
19 August.--Joy, joy, joy!  Although not all joy.  At last, news of
19 August.--Strange and sudden change in Renfield last night.  About
19 July--We are progressing.  My friend has now a whole colony of
19 May.--I am surely in the toils.  Last night the Count asked me in
19 September.--All last night she slept fitfully, being always afraid
2 November, morning.--I was successful, and we took turns driving all
2 November, morning.--It is broad daylight.  That good fellow would
2 November, night.--All day long driving.  The country gets wilder as
2 November.--Three days on the road.  No news, and no time to write it
2 October 10 P.M.--Last night I slept, but did not dream.  I must have
2 October, evening--A long and trying and exciting day.  By the first
2 October.--I placed a man in the corridor last night, and told him to
2 September
2 September.
2.  By Rail.--There is no one in charge of the box.  It
20 August.--The case of Renfield grows even more interesting.  He has
20 July.--Visited Renfield very early, before attendant went his
20 September
20 September.--Only resolution and habit can let me make an entry
21 August.
22 September.--In the train to Exeter.  Jonathan sleeping.  It seems
22 September.--It is all over.  Arthur has gone back to Ring, and has
23 August.--"The expected always happens."  How well Disraeli knew
23 September.--Jonathan is better after a bad night.  I am so glad
24 July.  Whitby.--Lucy met me at the station, looking sweeter and
24 June.--Last night the Count left me early, and locked himself into
24 May
24 October.--A whole week of waiting.  Daily telegrams to Godalming,
24 September
24 September.--I hadn't the heart to write last night, that terrible
25 August.--Another bad night.  Mother did not seem to take to my
25 June.--No man knows till he has suffered from the night how sweet
25 May.
25 May.--Ebb tide in appetite today.  Cannot eat, cannot rest, so
25 October, Noon.--No news yet of the ship's arrival.  Mrs. Harker's
25 October.--How I miss my phonograph!  To write a diary with a pen is
25 September, 6 o'clock
25 September, 6:30 P.M.
25 September.--Come today by quarter past ten train if you
25 September.--I cannot help feeling terribly excited as the time
26 July.--I am anxious, and it soothes me to express myself here.  It
26 May
26 October.--Another day and no tidings of the Czarina Catherine.  She
26 September.--I thought never to write in this diary again, but the
26 September.--Truly there is no such thing as finality.  Not a week
27 July.--No news from Jonathan.  I am getting quite uneasy about him,
27 October, Noon.--Most strange.  No news yet of the ship we wait for.
27 September
27 September.--It was two o'clock before we found a suitable
28 May.--There is a chance of escape, or at any rate of being able to
28 October.--Telegram.  Rufus Smith, London, to Lord Godalming, care
28 October.--When the telegram came announcing the arrival in Galatz I
28 September.--It is wonderful what a good night's sleep will do for
29 June.--Today is the date of my last letter, and the Count has taken
29 October.--This is written in the train from Varna to Galatz.  Last
29 September, in train to London.--When I received Mr. Billington's
29 September, night.--A little before twelve o'clock we three, Arthur,
29 September.--After I had tidied myself, I went down to Dr. Seward's
29 September.--After dinner I came with Dr. Seward to his study.  He
29 September.--I was so absorbed in that wonderful diary of Jonathan
29 September.--Last night, at a little before ten o'clock, Arthur and
3 August.--Another week gone by, and no news from Jonathan, not even
3 May. Bistritz.--Left Munich at 8:35 P.M., on 1st May, arriving at
3 November.--We heard at Fundu that the launch had gone up the
3 October.--As I must do something or go mad, I write this diary.  It
3 October.--Let me put down with exactness all that happened, as well
3 October.--The time seemed terribly long whilst we were waiting for
3 September
3-4 October, close to midnight.--I thought yesterday would never end.
3.  By Water.--Here is the safest way, in one respect, but
30 June.--These may be the last words I ever write in this diary.  I
30 October, 7 A.M.--We are near Galatz now, and I may not have time to
30 October, evening.--They were so tired and worn out and dispirited
30 October, night.--I am writing this in the light from the furnace
30 October.--At nine o'clock Dr. Van Helsing, Dr. Seward, and I called
30 October.--Mr. Morris took me to the hotel where our rooms had been
30 September.--I am so glad that I hardly know how to contain myself.
30 September.--I got home at five o'clock, and found that Godalming
30 September.--Mr. Harker arrived at nine o'clock.  He got his wife's
30 September.--The station master was good enough to give me a line to
30 September.--When we met in Dr. Seward's study two hours after
31 May.--This morning when I woke I thought I would provide myself
31 October.--Arrived at Veresti at noon.  The Professor tells me that
31 October.--Still hurrying along.  The day has come, and Godalming is
4 May--I found that my landlord had got a letter from the Count,
4 November, evening.--The accident to the launch has been a terrible
4 November.--This to my old and true friend John Seward, M.D.,
4 November.--Today we heard of the launch having been detained by an
4 October, morning.--Once again during the night I was wakened by
4 October.--When I read to Mina, Van Helsing's message in the
4 September.--Zoophagous patient still keeps up our interest in him.
5 June.--The case of Renfield grows more interesting the more I get to
5 May.  The Castle.--The gray of the morning has passed, and the sun
5 May.--I must have been asleep, for certainly if I had been fully
5 November, afternoon.--I am at least sane.  Thank God for
5 November, morning.--Let me be accurate in everything, for
5 November.--With the dawn we saw the body of Szgany before us dashing
5 October, 5 P.M.--Our meeting for report.  Present:  Professor Van
5 October, afternoon.--For some time after our meeting this morning I
5 October.--We all arose early, and I think that sleep did much for
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
6 August.--Another three days, and no news.  This suspense is getting
6 November.--It was late in the afternoon when the Professor and I
6 October, morning.--Another surprise.  Mina woke me early, about the
6 September
7 May.--It is again early morning, but I have rested and enjoyed the
7 September.--The first thing Van Helsing said to me when we met at
8 August.--Lucy was very restless all night, and I too, could not
8 July.--There is a method in his madness, and the rudimentary idea in
8 May.--I began to fear as I wrote in this book that I was getting too
8 September.--I sat up all night with Lucy.  The opiate worked itself
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
9 August.--The sequel to the strange arrival of the derelict in the
9 May.
9 September.--I feel so happy tonight.  I have been so miserably weak,
9 September.--I was pretty tired and worn out when I got to
A Mystery Story
A cold shiver ran through me to find my worst fears thus endorsed.
A few minutes later I saw Morris step suddenly back from a corner,
A glance was sufficient to show how many remained, for the great earth
A good deal of interest was abroad concerning the dog which landed
A great awe came on all as they realised that the ship, as if by a
A house cannot be made habitable in a day, and after all, how few days
A minute later he came in and said, "It was an idiotic thing of me to
A promise made to me, but made holily in God's hearing, and not to be
A very few minutes, however, gave her complete control of herself.
ANOTHER CHILD INJURED
About half an hour after we had received Mrs. Harker's telegram, there
About noon she got into a sort of lethargy which we did not like.
Accurate note was made of the state of things, and a doctor, Surgeon
Acherontia Atropos of the Sphinges, what you call the 'Death's-head
Admiralty Court, for coastguards cannot claim the salvage which is
After a cursory glance at the rest of the rooms, from basement to
After a general discussion it was determined that for tonight nothing
After a little bit his sobs ceased, and he raised himself with an
After a pause Van Helsing went on, evidently with an effort, "Miss
After a time, it did not seem a short time either, for the draining
After a while I left him.  The attendant tells me that he was quiet
After a while her sobs became less frequent and more faint, and then
After all, however, there is nothing like custom, for neither Bilder
After all, it is not strange that she did not, for we took special
After another hour Lucy waked from her sleep, fresh and bright and
After beating about the bush a little, he said, "Friend John, there is
After breakfast I saw him to the station.  When we were parting he
After breakfast Mina repeated her question.  He looked at her gravely
After going over the adventure of the night he suddenly said, "Your
After lunch, when we went back to the drawing room, he said to me,
After many inquiries and almost as many refusals, and perpetually
After that there was a sound of falling, and when he entered the room
Again I waked with a sense of guilt and of time passed, and
Again he looked at us all keenly.  I had a growing conviction that
Again he paused longer, and raised his eyebrows still more.  "It is
Again he paused, and I could see that he was trying to invent an
Again he said,
Again the operation.  Again the narcotic.  Again some return of colour
Ah, young sir, the Szekelys, and the Dracula as their heart's blood,
Aha, my pretty miss, that bring the so nice nose all straight again.
Alas!  How can I disbelieve!  In the midst of my thought my eye fell
All at once Mina opened her eyes, and looking at me tenderly said,
All at once the wolves began to howl as though the moonlight had had
All at once two voices shouted out to "Halt!"  One was my Jonathan's,
All day long we seemed to dawdle through a country which was full of
All he would say was, "I don't want to talk to you.  You don't count
All night long I watched by her.  She never stirred, but slept on and
All the men, even Jonathan, seemed relieved, but it did not seem to me
All this weakness comes to me in sleep, until I dread the very
All yesterday we travel, always getting closer to the
Already all of his lairs but one be sterilize as for him.  And before
Already the sudden storm is passing, and its fierceness is
Although we kept silence to the others, we were neither of us happy
Amsterdam whilst I was at dinner, suggesting that I should be at
Amsterdam, who knows as much about obscure diseases as any one in
And all for what?  She is dead, so!  Is it not?"
And although she grew snowy white at times when danger had seemed to
And comfort is strength to her.  For my own part, now that his
And if he be carried, then the customs men may discover what the box
And if it falls heavy it will stop us.  In such case we must get a
And if there is I'll never trouble you a hair's breadth again, but
And in order to prevent his being betrayed he has repelled,
And now we are all scattered, and for many a long day loneliness will
And oh, Madam Mina, my dear, my dear, may we who love you be there to
And she grew whiter and even whiter till the snow was not more
And so I have written it whilst we wait their return, and Mrs. Harker
And so for full half a minute, which seemed an eternity, she remained
And so it is that we are travelling towards Galatz in an agony of
And so now, up to this very hour, all the records we have are complete
And so we remained till the red of the dawn began to fall
And so with trust and hope, and yet full of fear, we go
And then Lucy's breathing became stertorous again, and all at once it
And then as we looked the white figure moved forwards again.  It was
And then away for home!  Away to the quickest and nearest train!  Away
And then insensibly there came the strange change which I had noticed
And then she said cheerfully, "I can never thank you all enough.  Oh,
And then the writhing and quivering of the body became less, and the
And three proposals!  But, for goodness' sake, don't tell any of the
And to the second, "I can hear the waves lapping against the ship, and
And with it I have so much in memory of you that is sweet, that I take
And yet I fear that in some mysterious way poor Mrs. Harker's tongue
And, before the spell could be wrought further upon me, I had
And, to our bitter grief, with a smile and in silence, he died, a
Angel that look is noted to her ever-lasting honour.  I could only
Archimedes.  'Give me a fulcrum, and I shall move the world!'  To do
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
Arminius of Buda-Pesth, he was in life a most wonderful man.  Soldier,
Army meeting in a back street.  Neither of the bands hears the other,
Art
Arthur Holmwood.  When he had told us so much he went on,
Arthur and Quincey came home with me, and we tried to cheer each other
Arthur and my friend Quincey, they are with you, too?  Good!"
Arthur bent and kissed her, and then we sent him and Quincey out of the
Arthur bent eagerly over to kiss her, but at that instant Van Helsing,
Arthur comes, or else I know he will be miserable to see me so.
Arthur did not notice it, but I could hear the deep hiss of indrawn
Arthur has just gone, and I feel in better spirits than when I
Arthur held out his hand, and took the old man's warmly.  "Call me
Arthur is here.  We have such walks and drives, and rides, and
Arthur jumped to his feet, "Good God!" he cried.  "What do you mean?
Arthur kiss his love, though she was dying, and snatched him away by
Arthur looked on, very pale but silent.  When the lid was removed he
Arthur looked up with set white face and said, "Take care, sir, take
Arthur never faltered.  He looked like a figure of Thor as his
Arthur placed the point over the heart, and as I looked I could see its
Arthur rose, for he had been seated on the ground, and came and looked
Arthur says I am getting fat.  By the way, I forgot to tell you that
Arthur spoke out heartily, like his old self, "Dr. Van Helsing, you
Arthur stood up.  "Professor, are you in earnest, or is it some
Arthur took the stake and the hammer, and when once his mind was set
Arthur turned to him and said, "If you only knew how gladly I would
Arthur was so taken aback that he did not for a moment know what to do
Arthur went off with him, casting back a longing look on Lucy's face,
Arthur went on, "And when there?"
Arthur's face fell as he said in an amazed sort of way,
Arthur, he fell to trembling, and finally was shaken with doubt as
Arthur.  Van Helsing reverently lifted his hat as he answered.
As I appeared, they all joined in a horrible laugh, and ran away.
As I came along the corridor I saw Mr. Morris looking out of a window.
As I drove to the house I told him of what had passed, and of how my
As I entered, the church was between me and the seat, and for a minute
As I looked, the eyes saw the sinking sun, and the look of hate in
As I raised the blind, and the morning sunlight flooded the room, I
As I sat I heard a sound in the courtyard without, the agonised cry of
As I write there is in the passage below a sound of many tramping feet
As each boat achieved the safety of the port there was a shout of
As for Arthur, he seemed under a spell, moving his hands from his
As he did so he started back and I could hear his ejaculation, "Mein
As he heard the voice his face brightened, through its mutilation, and
As he passed into the room, he asked Mina if the others might come,
As he spoke he put the money remaining in his pocket, took the title
As he spoke he smiled, and the lamplight fell on a hard-looking mouth,
As he spoke he took from his bag a screwdriver and a wrench, and very
As he spoke he took from his pocket book the memorandum which had been
As he spoke the poor fellow looked terribly anxious.  He was in a
As he spoke, Van Helsing's eyes never blinked, but his hand came out
As he swept his long arms, as though brushing aside some impalpable
As he was speaking there was a soft tapping at the door.  I went over
As nothing could well be done before morning, and as it would be at
As she had spoken, I watched the Professor's face, and saw it turn
As she replied, she raised her finger and pointed to her forehead.  "I
As she spoke I could see her husband's face darken and draw together,
As she spoke, she took her husband's grey head in her hands and kissed
As she stopped speaking he leaped to his feet, almost tearing his hand
As she told me she tapped playfully with the heel of her boot on the
As she was in such a communicative humour, I asked her if she had
As she was telling her terrible story, the eastern sky began to
As the door began to open, the howling of the wolves without grew
As there is no motive for concealment, I am permitted to use them,
As to the disposal of forces, it was suggested by the Professor that,
As to the first, he evidently intended to arrive at Galatz,
As usual Van Helsing had thought ahead of everyone else, and was
As we burst into the room, the Count turned his face, and the hellish
As we came home we could arrive at no definite conclusion.  We were
As we left the house in my fly, which was waiting, Van Helsing said,
As we passed across the lawn on our way to the station to catch our
As we passed along, the gravel hurt my feet, and Lucy noticed me wince.
As we wound on our endless way, and the sun sank lower and lower
As, however, I got near the door, a new change came over the patient.
At every station there were groups of people, sometimes crowds, and in
At first I think somewhat strange, but soon I see that there be
At first he made no reply, but at length said testily, "Bother them
At first he was silent in his fighting, but as we began to master
At first she did not respond, but gradually she became more and more
At last I felt that subtle change in the air, and knew that the
At last there came a time when it was evident that the patient was
At last there came a time when the driver went further afield than he
At least God's mercy is better than that of those monsters, and the
At least, we should have had to make some statement as to how we had
At length we saw a four-wheeler drive up.  Out of it, in leisurely
At night I hear her gasping as if for air.
At nine o'clock I visited him myself.  His attitude to me was the same
At one corner of the room was a heavy door.  I tried it, for, since I
At six o'clock Van Helsing came to relieve me.  Arthur had then fallen
At such times you go by my volition and not by his.  And this power to
At the door he stopped, and said, "Look 'ere, guv'nor, there ain't no
At the first howl the horses began to strain and rear, but the driver
At the same moment Dr. Van Helsing and I rose behind the rock and
At times the mist cleared, and the sea for some distance could be
Author: Bram Stoker
Before I left him I remembered what Jonathan put in his diary of the
Before I left the castle I so fixed its entrances that never
Before going to bed I went round to the patient's room and looked in
Before he could strike again, however, I got in my right hand and he
Before long the searchlight discovered some distance away a schooner
Before she answered, that sweet, puckered look came into her forehead,
Before the Professor left the room I cautioned him against getting any
Before they retired the Professor fixed up the room against any coming
Before turning in we went to look at poor Lucy.  The undertaker had
Before we moved away Van Helsing said, "Now, my friends, one step of
Behold, in example I grieve my heart out for that so sweet young
Bersicker, that he remembered seein' anything.  My own belief was
Between her and the port lay the great flat reef on which so many
Beyond the green swelling hills of the Mittel Land rose mighty slopes
Big, dark blue eyes are set widely apart, and are quick and tender or
Billington had ready in his office all the papers concerning the
Bistritz.  I would fain have rebelled, but felt that in the present
Bistritza.  I wish it wasn't so cold.  There are signs of snow coming.
Bless that good, good woman who hung the crucifix round my neck!  For
Blind after the manner of men, since we can look back we see what we
Bram Stoker
Breakfast was a strange meal to us all.  We tried to be cheerful and
British Museum, and made search among the books and maps in the
British, and Austrian, and Hungarian, and Greek and Turkish money,
Bucharest, so I learned the times very carefully.  Unhappily there are
Buda-Pesth, 24 August.
But I abandoned the idea as soon as it formed, for such a thing could
But I am not in heart to describe beauty, for when I had seen the view
But I myself eat, for I must needs now be strong for all.  Then,
But I was as sane then, except in that way, as I am now.  I was in an
But I went down the stone stairs to the hall where I had entered
But at that instant, another sensation swept through me as quick as
But how is he experimenting?  The knowledge may help us to defeat
But if she be not dead . . ."
But it may be even a consolation and a help to him, terrible though it
But just then the moon, sailing through the black clouds, appeared
But she will not, or cannot, give them utterance.  I have mentioned
But still the door continued slowly to open, and only the Count's body
But the Professor's face was set, and he stood watch in hand, and with
But the door would not move.  Despair seized me.  I pulled and pulled
But the words to her thought came quickly.  The echo of the scream had
But these shall not occur again.  Here we stay until all be well, or
But this is nonsense.  There he is, calling to me.  So no more just
But we can travel overland to the same place in three days.  Now, if
But we must be brave of heart and unselfish, and do our duty, and all
But, oh, is he on land or sea?  Where is he, and how?  I am getting
But, on the instant, came the sweep and flash of Jonathan's great
By this time I had finished my supper, and by my host's desire had
By this time my little joke was over, and I was almost ashamed.  So I
By this time my mind was made up that the diary of a doctor who
By this time the gypsies, seeing themselves covered by the
By this time the sun had risen, and we were all in the full light of
By-and-by, however, as I was curious to know how time was passing, I
CHAPTER
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CHAPTER 26
CHAPTER 27
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CUTTING FROM "THE DAILYGRAPH", 8 AUGUST
Can you tell me why, when other spiders die small and soon, that one
Can't you understand?  Will you never learn?  Don't you know that I am
Captain Donelson's suspicions were aroused.  But his superstition
Carfax and left at 197 Chicksand Street, Mile End New Town, and
Carfax we decided not to do anything with the earth boxes that lay
Carfax, with means to get into the house.
Carpathians.
Carpathians.  We have no fear in running at good speed up the river at
Casabianca, and placed in the mortuary to await inquest.
Castle Dracula seem like a long forgotten dream.  Here in the crisp
Castle Dracula we should go by Galatz, or at any rate through
Catherine comes into port there will be no interest for me in anything
Catherine left the Thames yesterday morning.  It will take her at the
Catherine made a phenomenally quick journey.  So much so that
Cattle low far off.  There is another sound, a queer one like . . ."
Chasing an errant swarm of bees is nothing to following a naked
Check to the King!"
Chermosese, and in China, so far from us in all ways, there even is
Church's law, though no wits, all gone, even I, who am faithful
Circus I discharged my cab, and walked westward.  Beyond the Junior
Close at hand came the howling of many wolves.  It was almost as if
Closer and closer they drew.  The Professor and I crouched down behind
Come with me."
Come!  I am informed that your supper is ready."  He took my arm, and
Come!"
Come!"  With a stately gravity, he, with the lamp, preceded me down
Come, and we'll have a cup of tea somewhere."
Come.  Won't you give me one kiss?  It'll be something to keep off
Coming close to Arthur, he said, "My friend Arthur, you have had a sore
Company and came down to Purfleet by the next train.
Constitutional I came across the house described and was satisfied
Consul sick.  So the routine work has been attended to by a clerk.  He
Consul, and to arrange, if we can, about getting on board the ship as
Count Dracula had directed me to go to the Golden Krone Hotel, which I
Count Dracula, jumping to his feet, said, "Why there is the morning
Count Dracula.  Sure eneuch the matter was one ready to his hand.  He
Count at his weakest, and without a refuge to fly to.  Van Helsing is
Count have had.  Yes, I was moved.  I, Van Helsing, with
Count me in every time.  I bear messages which will make both
Count's body, it will soon after fall into dust.  In such case there
Count's hiding place!  Goodness knows that we had enough clues from
Count's power over her would die away equally with her power of
Count's room, something like a sharp wail quickly suppressed.  And
Count's room.  He might kill me, but death now seemed the happier
Count's window, and made for it as well as I could, having regard to
Count.
Count?"
Coutts & Co., London, and the fourth to Herren Klopstock & Billreuth,
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
Crescent was in shadow, everything could be well seen, I threw a glance
Crescent, Whitby, another to Herr Leutner, Varna.  The third was to
Cross, as His Son did in obedience to His Will.  It may be that we are
Curse me, but he was the strongest chap I ever struck, an' him a old
Czarina Catherine, and she sail from Doolittle's Wharf for Varna, and
DAMAGE.
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY (Kept in phonograph)
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY--CONTINUED
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY--cont.
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY--cont.
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY--cont.
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY--cont.
DR. SEWARD'S DIARY-CONT.
DR. SEWARD'S PHONOGRAPH DIARY
DR. SEWARDS DIARY
DR. VAN HELSING'S MEMORANDUM
DRACULA
Danube, leaving his forces to be cut to pieces, so now he is intent on
Day."
Death will sound his trumpet for me.  But don't ye dooal an' greet, my
Demeter.  She is almost entirely in ballast of silver sand, with
Did I forget!  Shall I ever . . . can I ever!  Can any of us ever
Do not fear to think even the most not-improbable.  Goodnight."
Do not lose an hour.  I hold over telegram to Holmwood till
Do you ever try to read your own face?  I do, and I can
Do you remember, Art, when we had the pack after us at Tobolsk?  What
Don't cry, my dear.  If it's for me, I'm a hard nut to crack, and I
Doubtless sympathy eased her somewhat, but she was very low in thought
Dr. Seward asked the attendant who was on duty in the passage if he
Dr. Seward said to us, when we were alone, that he did not wish to go
Dr. Seward said, "I think I had better go with Quincey.  We have been
Dr. Seward seemed to answer them both in a dreamy kind of way, "I
Dr. Seward simply nodded.
Dr. Seward tried one or two skeleton keys, his mechanical dexterity as
Dr. Seward was in the next room, as Dr. Van Helsing said he would
Dr. Seward watching me.  And tonight I shall not fear to sleep, since
Dr. Seward, and Mr. Morris, Lord Godalming being next the Professor,
Dr. Van Helsing described what steps were taken during the day to
Dr. Van Helsing had taken the key of the hall door from the bunch, and
Dr. Van Helsing said gravely, "Madam Mina, you are, as always, most
Dr. Van Helsing said to us solemnly as we stood before him, "And now,
Dr. Van Helsing says that by morning we shall reach the Borgo Pass.
Dr. Van Helsing was as startled as I was.  After a moment's pause he
Dr. Van Helsing will not blame me.  I have had so much trouble and
Dr. Van Helsing, what is it?  What has happened?  What is wrong?  Mina,
Dr. Van Helsing.  I wonder why he was so anxious about these flowers.
Dracula landed, so I shall look through the evening papers since then,
Dracula was speaking, there was that in his eyes and in his bearing
Dracula's tomb some of the Wafer, and so banished him from
Draculas were, says Arminius, a great and noble race, though now and
Dress is a bore.  That is slang again, but never mind.  Arthur
Dressing-gown and dress were both in their places.  "Thank God," I said
Dutchman will tell me what to do, and I'll do it."
Each in turn, we took his hand, and the promise was made.  Then said
Early in the morning we both got up and went down to the harbour to see
Early this morning we listened, with breathless anxiety, for her
East Cliff, where Miss Murray found her.  But she assures me that of
East and the South, took with them the keys in a great bunch, and set
East; the most western of splendid bridges over the Danube, which is
Emma and Scarborough made trips up and down the coast, and there was
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Dracula, by Bram Stoker
English life and customs and manners.  There were even such books of
English, he explained that it was a charm or guard against the evil
English, they gave him a ticket for the furthest station on the way
Esk, runs through a deep valley, which broadens out as it comes near
Europe, aye, and of Asia and Africa too, till the peoples thought that
Even the offer of a kitten or even a full-grown cat will not tempt
Even the woman who performed the last offices for the dead remarked to
Even while he was speaking an idea dawned upon him, and he said with
Evening.
Every instant seemed an age whilst we waited.  The wind came now in
Every scrap of paper was gone, and with it all my notes, my memoranda,
Everything is, however, now reopened, and what is to be the end God
Everything that one does seems, no matter how right it may be, to bring
Exeter to see you at once if you tell me I am privilege to come,
Exeter yesterday, and stayed there all night.  Today he came back, and
Exeter, his London agent, and a gentleman representing Sir John
Face, as the house is four sided, agreeing with the cardinal points of
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
Faithfully yours,
Final the captain, more red than ever, and in more tongues, tell him
Finally she lifted her hands and opened them as though scattering the
Finally the man too got angry, and jumped down and kicked the dog, and
Finally, they got up the rapids all right, with local help, and are off
First we opened the shutters of the window which looked out across a
First, he asked if a man in England might have two solicitors or more.
Firstly.--We must differentiate between what he did in
For a few minutes we were so taken up with him that we did not look
For a moment he seemed choked, and a great sob rose in his throat.  He
For a moment or two we stood appalled, all save Lord Godalming, who
For a while sheer anger mastered me.  It was as if he had during her
For additional contact information:
For an instant his eyes closed, not with pain or sleep but
For answer he put his hand on my shoulder, and said, with infinite
For answer, all four men of our party threw themselves from their
For fully five minutes Van Helsing stood looking at her, with his face
For half an hour or more Renfield kept getting excited in greater and
For her, I am ashamed to say so much, but I say it in kindness, I gave
For if by that time we have not overtaken the Count, it may be
For if we fail in this our fight he must surely win, and then where
For it was terrible with the sweet Miss Lucy, what would it
For several minutes no one spoke a word.  The silence was broken by
For so surely as we live, that scar shall pass away when God sees
For under the circumstances it wouldn't seem so bad for us to break
Forgive my long delay in writing, but I have been simply overwhelmed
Fortunately it cannot leave a scar, as it is so tiny.
Fortune favoured us, and we got home without meeting a soul.  Once we
Foundation
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
From a correspondent.
From the hearty way that both Thomas and his wife laughed at the
From thence I went to Carter Paterson's central office, where I met
Fundu, joined by the Bistritza which runs up round the Borgo
Gabriel keckle when Geordie comes pantin' ut the grees with the
Galatz and all he can do to make our way smooth, so that no times be
George Canon, who died, in the hope of a glorious resurrection, on
Give me some water, my lips are dry, and I shall try to tell you.  I
God I may never see your sweet face again.  May He bless and keep
God bless and keep him.
God bless him for it.  My child, believe me none of us shall lag
God bless you that you have given my dear one her soul again, and me
God fashioned her for a purpose, believe me, when He made that so good
God taketh heed lest a sparrow fall.  But the God created from human
God!  What end? . . . To work!  To work!
God's madmen too, the rest of the world.  You tell not your madmen
God's sunshine, an arrow in the side of Him who died for man.  But we
God?"
Godalming and Jonathan have a lovely steam launch, with steam up ready
Godalming and Morris had rushed out into the yard, and Harker had
Godalming behind and Quincey in front stood just out of sight ready to
Godalming has already turned in, for his is the second watch.  Now
Godalming is shutting the furnace door . . .
Godalming smiled, and the man lifted a good sized bunch of keys.
Godalming's telegraphed request, asking them to show us any civility
Godalming, is coming up here very shortly, as soon as he can leave
Godalming, though so dear a friend, would have had no claim in the
Godalming, who took out his purse and gave him something.  The man
Godalming.  They too, were pursuing the party with the cart.  When I
Good!  Now here let me say frankly, lest you should think it strange
Goodbye, all.  Mina!
Goodbye, my dearest Lucy, and blessings on you.
Goodbye.
Goodnight again.  L.
Gott!" as it was smothered in his throat.  I bent over and looked,
Government boat, and treated us accordingly.  We saw in this a way of
Gradually her eyes closed, and she sat, stock still.  Only by the
Great Recorder sums me up and closes my ledger account with a balance
Green, but unhappily he was not in a condition to remember anything.
Ground of inquiry.--Count Dracula's problem is to get back
Guide Court, Bethnal Green. They are both in the employment of
Guide.  When I came in he cleared the books and papers from the table,
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
Gutenberg-tm License.
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
H. B. M. Vice Consul, Varna
Had I even the secret of one such mind, did I hold the key to the
Hamburg, and then the train on here.  I feel that I can hardly
Hapgood.  They had received a wire from London, in answer to Lord
Hardy, had a finger broken.  However, I set it all right, and he
Hark!  In the courtyard and down the rocky way the roll of heavy
Harker a little before the time of sunset.  We have of late come to
Harker alone after sunset."
Harker and that other of his wife that I let the time run on without
Harker evidently meant to try the matter, for he had ready his great
Harker grew ghastly white, so that the scar on her forehead seemed to
Harker groaned and said, "And this is all arrayed against my darling!
Harker on your behalf, to supply the following information
Harker that it was time to leave.
Harker to look up the copy of the diaries and find him the part of
Harker was silent for awhile and then said in a hollow voice, "Let us
Harker's journal at the Castle.  She went away to get it.
Harker, Mina Harker.
Harker."
Harris & Sons, Moving and Shipment Company, Orange Master's Yard,
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Has there been any mistake, has she been buried alive?"  He groaned in
Have patience!  Tonight is mine.  Tomorrow night is yours!"
Have you felt the Vampire's lips upon your throat?"
Having been in the house, I could well believe him, but if he knew
Having had some time at my disposal when in London, I had visited the
Having passed the wall, we took our way to the house, taking care to
Hawkins in secret, and also to Mina, for to her I could write
Hawkins, Exeter, to say, with his dutiful respects, that he is sorry
Hawkins.  He took us to his house, where there were rooms for us
He accordingly set the phonograph at a slow pace, and I began to
He added significantly, "I did not like that lethargy of Madam Mina's.
He and I sometimes write letters in shorthand, and he is
He and his wife, the old lady who had received me, looked at each
He answered me, "I know, I know.  You forget that I am a lawyer as
He answered with a grave kindness, "I know it was hard for you to
He answered, "I am closing the tomb so that the UnDead may not enter."
He became almost speechless for a minute, and then went on, "Do you
He believes it all himself.  I remember how on our wedding day he said
He bore his own trouble so bravely that my heart bled for him.  I saw
He bowed and settled himself in a chair with his back to the light,
He bowed in a courtly way as he replied, "I am Dracula, and I bid you
He brought in our furs, and made a snug nest for me, and got out some
He calculated a minute, and then said, "The first should be June 12,
He came in the train from Klausenburg, and the guard was told by the
He cannot go where he lists, he who is not of nature has yet to obey
He carried the phonograph himself up to my sitting room and adjusted
He did not remain long, but said he would look in later in the day and
He did not reply for a moment but looked all around him, and up and
He dipped the end of a towel in cold water and with it began to flick
He disgusted me much while with him, for when a horrid blowfly,
He grew excited as he spoke, and walked about the room pulling his
He grew to a positively deathly pallor as he said, "No!  No!  No!  For
He had evidently forgotten all about the dark stranger, as in his
He had evidently self-control, so when the attendants came I told them
He had only one outburst and that was yesterday at an unusual time.
He had to come out of the mist to struggle with me.  I held tight, and
He handed me a telegram.--'Have not heard from Seward for three days,
He has been shopping too, and has sent home such a wonderful lot of
He has evidently some deep problem in his mind, for he keeps a little
He has managed to get a sparrow, and has already partially tamed it.
He has not used his power over the brute world for the only or the
He hobbled away, and I could see him hurrying, as well as he could,
He interrupted, "Oh, yes.  I know.  I know.  I have read your last two
He is a funny old man.  He must be awfully old, for his face is
He is a selfish old beggar anyhow.  He thinks of the loaves and fishes
He is certainly a man of noble nature.  Poor dear Lucy was right about
He is making straight for me, and I can see, by the way he lifts his
He is safe now, at any rate.  Jack Sheppard himself couldn't get free
He kept turning his head to left and right, but I could not see
He learn new social life, new environment of old ways, the politics,
He looked at Jonathan as he spoke, and Jonathan looked at me.  I could
He looked at me keenly, and seeing the negative in my face, turned to
He looked so hostile that I thought he was in for another homicidal
He looked up at me, and evidently saw the change in my face, for he
He looked very sad at this, so I said that he must some of them, at
He might begin to think, and then . . . So I came away.  I mistrust
He moved downwards in a sidelong way, some hundred feet down, and a
He moved towards me so quickly that for the moment I feared that he
He must have seen the anguish of my heart in my face, for he smiled at
He nudged one of his companions, and they all laughed.  "And, my gog!
He only said, "You shall see," and again fumbling in his bag took out
He paused and I said, "But will not the Count take his rebuff wisely?
He paused and went on in a hollow voice, "They are racing for the
He petted and soothed them, and whispered something in their ears, as
He pointed to a stone at our feet which had been laid down as a slab,
He positively frightened me, he was so fierce.  And yet he must have
He proceeded, "All day I waited to hear from him, but he did not send
He put on the coffin lid again, gathered up all his things and placed
He put out his arms and folded her to his breast.  And for a while she
He raised his head and looked at me, and somehow the tenderness of his
He reassured me by his manner as well as his words when he said, "Oh,
He replied to her with as much courtesy and respect as he had shown
He replied, "Well guv'nor, you've treated me very 'an'some", I had
He rubbed his hands as he said, "Oh, my dear Madam Mina, this is
He said nothing, but put the key in his pocket.  Then he told me to
He said the latter words through his shut teeth.  For a space of
He said this with a very grave, sweet pride, and Arthur was much
He said to the driver, "You are early tonight, my friend."
He said, "Oh, no, oh no!  I want no souls.  Life is all I want."  Here
He saw my hesitation, and spoke, "The logic is simple, no madman's
He saw that I was in earnest, and stooping, took my hand, and raising
He says that I afford him a curious psychological study, and
He says that by dinner time they will be able to show a whole
He seemed pleased, and laughed as he said, "So!  You are a
He seemed so confident that I, remembering my own confidence two
He seemed to wake up all at once, and shook his head.  With a laugh he
He shook hands with each of them, saying in turn, "Lord Godalming, I
He shook his head sadly, and with a look of poignant regret on his
He slid into the room through the sash, though it was only open an
He smiled as he went on, "Then you are satisfied as to it.  Yes?  And
He smiled on me in quite a superior sort of way, such a smile as would
He smiled with an ineffably benign superiority.  "Oh no!  Far be it
He smiled, such a soft, smooth, diabolical smile that I knew there was
He stepped over and sat down beside me, and went on, "You are a clever
He still shook his head as he said, "Dr. Van Helsing, I have nothing to
He stood up and said solemnly, "Then you are wrong.  Oh, would it were
He stood up with my two hands in his, and as he looked down into my
He stopped and seemed fainting.  I called quietly to Quincey, "The
He suddenly stopped and looked at me intently for several moments.
He suddenly stopped and the old cunning look spread over his face,
He surely would have written.  I look at that last letter of his, but
He threw himself with a despairing gesture into a chair, and placed
He told them what Mina had said, and went on.  "In the morning we
He took a key from his pocket and held it up.  "And then we spend the
He took her hand and patted it as he replied, "Ask me nothing as yet.
He took his screwdriver and again took off the lid of the coffin.
He took it and his eyes glistened.  "You are so good," he said.  "And
He took it and said tenderly,
He took the old man's hand and said in a broken voice, "Oh, it is hard
He took the wolf and locked him up in a cage, with a piece
He tried to turn his head, but even with the effort his eyes seemed to
He turned as he heard my footsteps.  "How is Art?" he said.  Then
He turned the handle as he spoke, but the door did not yield.  We
He turned to me and said, "You know this place, Jonathan.  You have
He turned to me, and said with grave solemnity, "Not so, alas!  Not
He was a good fellow, but his rejoicing at the one little part, in
He was catching flies and eating them, and was keeping note of his
He was interrupted by a word from the Professor, "How?"
He was silent awhile, and during his silence Dr. Van Helsing spoke,
He was sitting down, but now he rose and came close to her and put his
He was so earnest, and his sorrow was so fresh, that I felt it would
He was still silent.  Van Helsing forced back the leaden flange, and
He was stooping to kiss her, when Van Helsing motioned him back.
He was talking, apparently to some one, but I was afraid to go near
He was to have a message even if she were not reported, so that he
He was very pale, and his eyes seemed bulging out as, half in terror
He was, I think, surprised to see me.  When I came into the room where
He waved his hand for silence, and went on, "Can you tell me why the
He went at once and sat down on the edge of the bed, with Godalming
He went on, "And you consate that all these steans be aboon folk that
He went on, "I didn't know that she was here till she spoke, and she
He went on, "My friend, it was because I wished to be gentle in the
He went on, "Now you shall speak.  Tell us two dry men of science what
He went to the door and opened it, a most unnecessary proceeding it
He went, but immediately returned with a letter:
He will not admit anything, and down faces everybody.  If he can't
He will only say, "I don't take any stock in cats.  I have more to
He wiped his forehead, which had broken out in profuse perspiration at
He would not explain himself, but remained obstinately seated on his
He wrung my hand, and taking up his hat, went straight out of the
Heath we heard a policeman's heavy tramp, and laying the child on the
Heath, which is perhaps, less frequented than the other
Helsing and I were shown up to Lucy's room.  If I was shocked when I
Helsing back in the study.
Helsing examines, he tells me, her teeth very carefully, whilst she is
Helsing had given me to read.  The careful Professor had replaced it
Helsing had seen her, he went out for a walk, leaving me in charge,
Helsing he was sweetly courteous.  But I could not help seeing that
Helsing in excellent spirits, and Lucy much better.  Shortly after I
Helsing is sleeping.  Poor dear, he looks very tired and old and grey,
Helsing must be a good man as well as a clever one if he is Arthur's
Helsing raised his lantern and drew the slide.  By the concentrated
Helsing sprang forward and held between them his little golden
Helsing stepped forward and drew the coverlet gently over her body,
Helsing stepped, with his soft, cat-like tread, over to the bed.
Helsing stood up instinctively.
Helsing waked me by coming into my room.  He came over to my bedside
Helsing was searching about that he was trying to seek some strategic
Helsing's memorandum.  We could hardly ask any one, even did we wish
Helsing's telegram filled me with dismay.  A whole night lost,
Helsing's voice speaking in a low level tone which would not break the
Helsing, Lord Godalming, Dr. Seward, Mr. Quincey Morris, Jonathan
Helsing, Mr. Quincey Morris, of Texas, Mr. Jonathan Harker, Mr.
Helsing, and saw my conviction reflected in his eyes, so I became a
Helsing, he was employed in a definite way.  First he took from his
Helsing, too, had been quite 'blowing my trumpet', as Mr. Morris
Helsing.  I wish you would take yourself and your idiotic brain
Helsing.  They should have got to Veresti about noon on Wednesday.  It
Henceforth no effort of mine, no piteous cry or agonized entreaty,
Her answer came with direct simplicity, as though she was simply
Her answer came with equal quickness, "All is dark.  I hear water
Her breathing was painful to see or hear.  Van Helsing's face grew set
Her face grew set in its lines, but her eyes shone with the devotion
Her tender faith against all our fears and doubting.  And we, knowing
Her, I had not dare to take into this place, but left safe
Here I handed him my card.  "In this instance I am not prompted by
Here I interrupted him.  I was getting bewildered.  He so crowded on
Here I interrupted.  "Thank God there is the other copy in the safe!"
Here I started up for I could not contain myself at the thought that
Here I stopped for the night at the Hotel Royale.  I had for dinner,
Here Jonathan interrupted him hotly, "Do you mean to say, Professor
Here Lucy made a wry face.  "Nay, but they are not to take in a
Here Quincey Morris added, "I understand that the Count comes from a
Here he held up the little golden crucifix.
Here he suddenly broke down, and threw his arms round my shoulders and
Here he turned away and covered his face with his hands.  I could hear
Here he turned to me, and as his eyes lit on my forehead he threw up
Here it is . . .
Here she stopped.  She had risen, as if impulsively, from where she
Here we were interrupted in a very startling way.  Outside the house
Here, in the whirlpool of European races, the Ugric tribe bore down
Hillingham tonight, as it might be well to be at hand, and stating
Hillingham, 24 August.--I must imitate Mina, and keep writing things
Hillingham.  For two nights I had hardly had a wink of sleep, and my
Him, with all the strength of my sad and humble soul, that He will
Him.  I saw the mist stealing in, and I grabbed it tight.  I had heard
His cries are at times awful, but the silences that follow are more
His eagerness betrayed him as he answered, "Oh, yes, I would like a
His face is drawn with pain.  Poor fellow, maybe he is thinking, and I
His face lit for a moment, but fell again as he went on.  "I ran
His face was a strong, a very strong, aquiline, with high bridge of
His is a curious case indeed.  We must watch him tonight.
His look and gesture forbade discussion, so I came back and told Mina.
His madness foiled his reason, and a puzzled look spread over his face
His means of taming is simple, for already the spiders have
His method of tidying was peculiar, he simply swallowed all the flies
His redeeming quality is a love of animals, though, indeed, he has
His reply was simply contemptuous, given in a pause in which he turned
His voice was becoming fainter and his breath more stertorous.  Van
His voice was weaker, so I moistened his lips with the brandy again,
His wife was aroused by the quick movement, and turned to him with her
His wife, through her terror and horror and distress, saw some sure
Hitherto I had blamed only the servants, but now a terrible fear began
Hitherto I had noticed the backs of his hands as they lay on his knees
Holland to look after Lucy.  I feel from having seen him that he is
Hotel at ten of the clock.  I shall send for Arthur to come too, and
How can I, how could anyone, tell of that strange scene, its
How can women help loving men when they are so earnest, and so true,
How could they be otherwise?  Look at that one, the aftest abaft the
How humanizing to see the red lighting of the sky beyond the hill, and
How shall I describe what we saw?  On the bed lay two women, Lucy and
How these papers have been placed in sequence will be made manifest in the
How this phrase thrilled through me!
How well the man reasoned.  Lunatics always do within their own scope.
However, after a while I came away.  My friend is just a little too
However, there were times when there were pauses between the snow
However, we shall see.  I will tell you of my little plans when we
However, when I had found the court, I had no difficulty in
Hungarian came up in hordes, and the patriots went out to meet them,
Hungarian fatherland he found us here when he reached the frontier,
I agreed heartily with him, and then I told him what we had found in
I am all in a sea of wonders.  I doubt.  I fear.  I think strange
I am alone in the castle with those horrible women.  Faugh!  Mina is a
I am always anxious about Jonathan, for I fear that some nervous fit
I am dear!
I am more than ever sure that I am right.  My new conclusion is ready,
I am not afraid to think it or to say it, now that I know.  Mr. Hawkins
I am not sleepy, and, as I am not to be called till I awake, naturally
I am proud to obey!"
I am so happy tonight, because dear Lucy seems better.  I really
I am thin, so, with his aid, I got out, but feet foremost, and as we
I am weary tonight and low in spirits.  I cannot but think of Lucy, and
I am with you I shall keep a diary in the same way.  I don't
I am writing up this part of the diary whilst I am waiting for the
I answered "darkness, creaking wood and roaring water," so the river
I answered as quickly and coherently as I could that I had only got
I answered as usual, "darkness, lapping water and creaking wood."  So
I answered him, "I am satisfied that Lucy's body is not in that
I answered that certainly it would be most easy, but that we
I answered, "Do not press me too hard all at once.  I am willing to
I ask, to redress great wrong, and to lift much and terrible
I asked Jonathan why he was disturbed, and he answered, evidently
I asked him again if it were really necessary that they should pursue
I asked him if he could tell me the number of the house in Piccadilly,
I asked him if that was all.  He replied that it was all he heard.
I asked him what it was, and he said, with a sort of rapture in his
I asked if he could tell me where to find him.  I told him that if he
I asked the others to wait a few minutes for me, as I had to go and
I assured him sadly that it was so, and went on to suggest, for I felt
I attacked them at once and had very soon cut through three of them.
I awoke in my own bed.  If it be that I had not dreamt, the Count must
I bent over him, and tried to find any sign of life, but in vain.  He
I came as near to being happy myself as I suppose I shall ever be.  As
I came away.  Thank God, the ceasing of telling things has made no
I came back to my room and threw myself on my knees.  It is then so
I came in, he said at once, as though the question had been waiting on
I came off too, to report the only exclusive information
I came tiptoe into our own room, and found Mina asleep, breathing so
I can stenograph well enough I can take down what he wants to say in
I can't quite remember how I fell asleep last night.  I remember
I cannot afford to lose blood just at present.  I have lost too much
I cannot but feel uneasy.  I wish I were safe out of it, or that I had
I cannot sleep, so I make this entry.  But I must try to get a few
I cannot stand them, and I went out to have a shot, as I have been
I come here full of respect for you, and you have given me hope, hope,
I comforted him as well as I could.  In such cases men do not need
I could feel the movement of her breath upon me.  Sweet it was in one
I could find no means of ingress.  Every window and door was fastened
I could have done it with savage delight.  As she looked, her eyes
I could have no choice.  The Count saw his victory in my bow, and his
I could hear the sound of our hearts beating.
I could not but acquiesce, for I was dog tired, and could not have sat
I could not but admire, even at such a moment, the way in which a
I could not but feel that Art was keeping back something.  But, as I
I could not but see how right he was and the terrible despair of
I could not but smile, at which he grimaced.  "I gave myself away that
I could not pity her, for I knew now what had become of her child, and
I could not resist the temptation of mystifying him a bit, I suppose
I could not see the analogy, but did not like to admit it, so I harked
I could not tell the others of the day's discovery till we were alone,
I could not understand then what the haste meant, but the driver was
I could only redirect it and hand it to him in silence.  When he went
I could say was, "dark and quiet."  He is off now buying a carriage
I could see a faint tinge of colour steal back into the pallid cheeks
I could see from Jonathan's manner that he had something important to
I could see from the old fellow's self-satisfied air and the way in
I could see he was not at ease, so I took his poor old wrinkled hand in
I could see that he spoke as bravely as he could to comfort Harker.
I couldn't use them if I had them.  They would be no manner of use to
I demurred as to my not sharing any danger even of odium, but he went
I descended, minding carefully where I went for the stairs were dark,
I did not know what to do, for, as an English Churchman, I have been
I did not know what to say, but Lucy turned the conversation as she
I did not like to wound him by pretending not to see his idea, but as
I did not see the application and told him so.  For reply he reached
I did not sleep well, though my bed was comfortable enough, for I had
I did not take any, but it was a comfort to know it was there all the
I did not wait to catch another glance, but flew down the steep steps
I did not wake her, but tucked her up warmly.  I have taken care that
I did not yet understand the cause of his laughter, I asked him.  As
I dined on what they called "robber steak"--bits of bacon, onion, and
I do believe that under God's providence I have made a discovery.  I
I do it myself!"  Then suddenly turning to me in a resolute way, he
I do not follow his thought.  Am I to take it that I have anything in
I do not see.  They told me you were down in the spirit, and that
I do not suppose there will be much of interest to other people, but
I don't know what.  I remember, though I suppose I was asleep, passing
I drew near and looked.  The coffin was empty.  It was certainly a
I duly relieved Van Helsing in his watch over Lucy.  We wanted Arthur
I enjoyed of their hospitality be of the average kind, their lives
I explored further.  Doors, doors, doors everywhere, and all locked
I fear she is fretting about something.  I wish I could find out what it
I fear that I am but a little way on the road I would travel.  True, I
I fear that tomorrow will end our watching, for the shock has been too
I feared she might catch cold sitting there, and asked her
I feel a wonderful peace and rest tonight.  It is as if some haunting
I felt a sort of duty to tell him that there was some one.  I only
I felt all the dogged argumentativeness of my nature awake within me as
I felt impotent, and in the dark, and distrustful.  But, now that I
I felt that the end was coming.  The evening was now drawing close,
I find some letters from you, which show how great friends
I find that the district he named is in the extreme east of the
I fled, and felt somewhat safer in my own room, where there was no
I flew downstairs and returned with it, taking care to smell and taste
I flew to the dining room, and returned with the decanter.  He wetted
I followed out his orders, for I knew how right and wise they were.  I
I found Renfield sitting placidly in his room with his hands folded,
I found all the others at home.  Mina was looking tired and pale, but
I found him sitting in the middle of the floor on his stool, a pose
I found my smattering of German very useful here, indeed, I don't know
I found supper already laid out.  My host, who stood on one side of
I got ready food, but she would not eat, simply saying that she
I got the letter in bed, and rose without waking Mina.  She looked
I had an idea of its direction, though on my former visit I had not
I had been at the window somewhat less than half an hour, when I saw
I had cut myself slightly, but did not notice it at the moment.  Having
I had endured too much.
I had for breakfast more paprika, and a sort of porridge of maize
I had got him the morning papers and the London papers of the previous
I had hardly come to this conclusion when I heard the great door below
I had myself been apprenticed by my former visits to this watching
I had no answer for this, so was silent.  Van Helsing did not seem to
I had not heard from Jonathan for some time, and was very concerned,
I had now an opportunity of observing him, and found him of a very
I had only a couple of glasses of this, and nothing else.
I had pulled up the blind and let in the sunlight which flooded the
I had seen that the door was unlocked, and now escape was before me.
I had some work to do which pressed, so I told him that if he would go
I had to hurry breakfast, for the train started a little before eight,
I handed to him the sealed letter which Mr. Hawkins had entrusted to
I have asked Dr. Van Helsing, and he has got me all the papers that I
I have been quite touched by the change in the poor old man.  When he
I have been so long master that I would be master still, or at least
I have examined the map and find that the river most
I have given the letters.  I threw them through the bars of my window
I have got such a horror of the damned brutes from recent events that
I have harnessed the horses and made all ready.  Madam still
I have heard of horse-tamers doing, and with extraordinary effect, for
I have read of men who have heard the death watch.  The poor man's
I have written the letters.  Mina's is in shorthand, and I simply ask
I hesitate to write the word?)
I hesitated at first, to promise, but on thinking of the state of her
I humbly think I do.  I do not, as you know, take sufficient
I in his, there was no need for speaking between us.
I interrupted him, "Were the boxes left in the hall?"
I keep the key of our door always fastened to my wrist at night, but
I kept away from my friend for a few days, so that I might notice if
I kept my eyes fixed on Lucy, as did Van Helsing, and we saw a spasm
I knew I must reach the body for the key, so I raised the lid, and
I knew that there were at least three graves to find, graves
I know now the span of my life.  God help me!
I laughed, it was not a very cheerful laugh, I am bound to say, as I
I lay quiet, looking out from under my eyelashes in an agony of
I left Quincey lying down after having a glass of wine, and told the
I left him in the drawing room, and told Van Helsing that he had said
I looked all round, but could see no key of any kind.
I looked around for his birds, and not seeing them, asked him where
I looked in the study but, though he had been there, he had gone.  He
I looked over the paper, for I really did not know what he meant, but
I made one more attempt to further matters.  "You didn't have any
I make pretty wreath, and hang him round your neck, so you sleep well.
I may not go mad, if, indeed, I be not mad already.  If I be sane,
I might destroy him.  But I fear that no weapon wrought along by man's
I might not get out.  Jonathan's bitter experience served me
I must ask the Count all about them.)
I must be careful of such dreams, for they would unseat one's reason if
I must be fair.  Men like women, certainly their wives, to be quite
I must have slept long and soundly, for it was broad daylight when Van
I must know the truth.  When I got to the doorway at the top of the
I must say they were not cheering to me, for amongst them were
I must say you tax me very unfairly with being a bad correspondent.
I must take action of some sort whilst the courage of the day is upon
I never 'eard of 'im in all my bloomin' days.  Don't believe there
I never saw a lunatic in such a paroxysm of rage before, and I hope I
I never saw in all my experience the Professor work in such deadly
I nodded acquiescence.  He went on, "Then, what we must do is to
I nodded assent, for I was so amazed that I hardly knew what to either
I nodded, and he went on.
I nodded, and held the door open till they had entered, then I closed
I nodded, for I thought it better to assent, though I did not quite
I noticed that Van Helsing never kept far away.  This was possible
I noticed that the old men did not lose any time in coming and sitting
I once dead you could and would set free my immortal spirit, even as
I only slept a few hours when I went to bed, and feeling that I could
I opened the window and signed to the man not to notice, so
I own that my heart began to fail me when the time for action came so
I passed to my room and went to bed, and, strange to say, slept
I positively opened my eyes at this new development.  Here was my own
I questioned him more fully than I had ever done, with a view to
I ran back at once, told the watchman to get three or four men
I ran downstairs and looked in the sitting room.  Not there!  Then I
I read that every known superstition in the world is gathered into the
I return to the fire she have my supper ready.  I go to help her,
I rose and bowed, and he came towards me, a man of medium weight,
I said to her presently, when she had grown more quiet,
I said to him, "Go to Dr. Van Helsing, and ask him to kindly come here
I said, "I think that will do now, Simmons.  We have done all that we
I said, "Your clients, sir, are happy in having so resolute a guardian
I sat down beside her, and presently she moved uneasily.  At the same
I saw at once that I was on the right track.  Phonetic spelling had
I saw here an opening to ask him about Jonathan, so I said, "He was
I saw his hand stretch out, but it was life to me to feel its touch,
I saw it drip with the fresh blood!"  The remembrance seemed for a while
I say no, but then I am old, and life, with his sunshine, his fair
I scolded him for it, but he argued quietly that it was very good and
I seemed to see the high lights of the Count's evil face, the ridge of
I seized a shovel which the workmen had been using to fill the cases,
I seized the opportunity, and said, "I promise that if I see any
I shall answer any questions you ask, if there be anything which you
I shall be glad as long as I live that even in that moment of final
I shall come and sit here often myself and work.  Indeed, I am writing
I shall go home too.  Lucy went out, visiting with her mother, and as
I shall never forget the last glimpse which I had of the inn yard and
I shall never know, for I dare not open the subject to him.  And yet
I shall not remain alone with them.  I shall try to scale the castle
I shall put a bold face on, and if I do feel weepy, he shall never see
I shall put down as nearly as I can, for it tells in its way the story
I shall send, in time for your next issue, further details
I shall stay in Exeter tonight, for I want to think much over what you
I shall take this cylinder with me, and then I can complete
I shall try to run over to see you, dearest, if only for a few
I shall write some letters home, and shall try to get them to have
I shall write, so that, if you do not hear from me, take it for
I shook my head, and said that at present I feared it would not be
I shook my head.  "That," I said, "is the crux.  Van Helsing is simply
I should infer, in itself a vigorous state of health.  In other
I should sit up, they asked me quite piteously to intercede with
I shuddered as I bent over to touch him, and every sense in me
I slept on a sofa in Arthur's room that night.  Van Helsing did not go
I sometimes think we must be all mad and that we shall wake to sanity
I soon lost sight and recollection of ghostly fears in the beauty of
I sprang up and stood beside him on the rock.  He handed me his
I stood beside Van Helsing, and said, "Ah well, poor girl, there is
I stood in silence where I was, for I did not know what to do.  Of
I suppose a cry does us all good at times, clears the air as other
I suspected him, and determined to test his sincerity.  Sincerity!  It
I talk over my travels with Mina.
I think it will be best for her to go to bed tired out physically, so I
I think that none of us were surprised when we were asked to see Mrs.
I think that through the cloudiness of his insanity he saw some
I think they must originally have had something to do with the abbey.
I think we were all staggered.  For my own part, I was under the
I think, all a little upset by the scene with Mr. Renfield.  When we
I thought I was going to win, for I didn't mean Him to take any more
I thought I would find out if his apathy were real or only assumed, and
I thought I would improve the occasion and learn something, so I asked
I thought I would push his analogy to its utmost logically, so I said
I thought I would watch for the Count's return, and for a long time
I thought and thought what should be my next move, but my brain seemed
I thought he would be a good person to learn interesting things from,
I thought it was now time to end the scene, which was becoming too
I thought it well to leave him in this mood, and so I came away.
I thought that I was asleep, and waiting for Jonathan to come back.  I
I thought that now was the time for Van Helsing to warn him not to
I thought that the Professor was going to break down and have
I thought that the longer this went on the wilder he would get, and so
I thought that this style of conversation might not be pleasant to
I thought that with this description I could find the house, so having
I told him briefly, and added that we expected he would recover
I told him exactly what had happened and he listened with seeming
I told him he might have a dozen if he wished, but that it would not
I told him out straight . . .
I took Arthur by the arm, and led him away to the drawing room, where
I took a big, heavy shawl and ran out.  The clock was striking one as I
I took his hand, and promised him.  I held my door open as he went
I took my way to home.  We're on the track anyhow.  I am tired
I took out Smollet's letter, and as I read it it seemed to me that the
I took the hint, and strolled about, and presently the professor
I took up my place behind a yew tree, and I saw his dark figure move
I tried to pacify her, and at last succeeded, and she lay
I tried to raise her up, and said, as gravely as I could, that I
I trust her feeling ill may not be from that unlucky prick of the
I turned to her, and looking in her eyes said, "But you?
I used my knowledge of this phase of spiritual pathology, and set down
I waited a considerable time for Van Helsing to begin, but he stood as
I walked along the cliffs to the westward, and was full of sweet
I want you to give me permission to read all Miss Lucy's papers and
I want you to see now, and with the eyes of a very happy wife,
I wanted to secure a friend, and not to make an enemy, so I thanked
I was afraid to raise my eyelids, but looked out and saw perfectly
I was awakened by the Count, who looked at me as grimly as a man could
I was compelled to deal with the result in ex post facto manner.
I was evidently expected, for when I got near the door I faced a
I was firm, however, and told him that he could not have it, whereupon
I was glad when the coastguard came along, with his spyglass under his
I was handing him the half-sovereign, when something came bobbing up
I was hysterical, for I threw myself on my knees and held up my hands
I was just in time to catch her as she fell forward in a faint.
I was not able to light on any map or work giving the exact locality
I was not alone.  The room was the same, unchanged in any way since I
I was not asleep, she came in and sat by me.  She said to me even
I was not unprepared for this request, for I had noticed how his pets
I was rude or in any way wanting at that time you acted so, you
I was so frightened that I crept into bed, and pulled the clothes over
I was so much astonished, that the oddness of introducing a madman in
I was staggered, but I knew that if he wished to delay he had a good
I was touched by the tenderness of his tone, and asked why.
I was undressing in my own room, when, with a premonitory tap at the
I was waked by the flapping at the window, which had begun after
I was without his help, yet I wanted to follow him, so I said,
I went at once, and found little difficulty in waking three of the
I went back to the room, and found Van Helsing looking at poor Lucy,
I went downstairs with him, and as we were going there was a knock at
I went into my room and drew the curtains, but there was little to
I went on with my part of the work, and in another half hour had found
I went on with my work, and before long was through that in hand.  It
I went on, "I suppose this upset him, for when we were in town on
I went over and read, "Edward Spencelagh, master mariner, murdered by
I went over to it softly, and peeped out by the corner of the blind.
I went to bed as usual, taking care that the flowers were
I went to the dining room and waked him.  He was dazed for a moment,
I went to the door.  Dr. Seward was resting on the mattress, and
I went up the steps.  Then I had a vague memory of something long and
I went whilst my courage was fresh straight to the window on the south
I will strengthen me with breakfast, and then I will do my
I wish I could get at what is the object of the latter.  He seems to
I wish I were with you, dear, sitting by the fire undressing, as we
I woke Madam Mina, and again tried to hypnotize her, but
I wonder at how many lives he values a man, or if at only one.  He has
I would forgive him.  He really did look serious when he was saying
I would listen to him go on praising Mina for a day, so I simply
I would not argue the point, but went and had my supper.  Lucy came
I would soon have learned, for the wheeling figures of mist
I write till sleep comes.
I wrote you twice since we parted, and your last letter was only
I'm going to have a pretty lonely walk between this and Kingdom
I'm past all that sort of nonsense.  You might as well ask a man to
I'm so nigh it that the Aud Man is already whettin' his scythe.  Ye
I've no doubt it frets her to be kept in the dark, and it may make her
I've sat here off an' on for nigh twenty years past, an' it hasn't
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
INTERVIEW WITH THE KEEPER IN THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS
If I could have as strong a cause as my poor mad friend there, a good,
If I did simply follow my inclining I would do now, at this moment,
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
If it be true!  Ah, there is the dread.  Yet every dread should help my
If it should be, and he came to London, with its teeming millions . . .
If not watching all the time, frequently visit and see that
If sympathy and pity can help in your affliction, won't you let me be
If the latter, we must trace . . ."
If this book should ever reach Mina before I do, let it bring my
If you could have looked into my heart then when I want to laugh, if
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
In a few minutes, however, my own ears got accustomed to the sound,
In a little while the Professor signalled to me, so I got up and
In about five minutes, however, he began to get more quiet, and
In an age when the existence of ptomaines is a mystery we should not
In an instant the poor dear fellow was overwhelmed with grief.  It
In and out amongst these green hills of what they call here the
In due time we arrived.  She knew, of course, that the place was a
In fear I turned to my poor Madam Mina, and my heart with
In great perplexity then I come to you, and ask you out of your so
In his pocket was a bottle, carefully corked, empty save for
In meantime we may rest and in peace, for there are between us which
In one place part of the stonework of the graves stretches out over
In silence we returned to the library, and after a minute or two I went
In the dining room, which lay at the back of the hall, we found eight
In the early morning her maid came, and I left her in her care and took
In the hall I met Quincey Morris, with a telegram for Arthur telling
In the hall two of the maids came to me, and asked if they or either
In the library I found, to my great delight, a vast number of English
In the midst of this I could see that Jonathan on one side of the ring
In the population of Transylvania there are four distinct
In the summer of this year we made a journey to Transylvania, and went
Indeed, I can quite understand the effect, for the sounds disturbed
Indeed, it was no wonder that my friends were alarmed, and insisted on
Indian fakir, not dead, but that rise up and walk amongst them as
Instinctively the clasp on his wife's hand grew closer, till his
Instinctively, with the dawn coming, I turned to Madam Mina,
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
Is he?  That wild yell seemed to come from his room . . .
Is it possible that love is all subjective, or all objective?
Is it strange that when Arpad and his legions swept through the
Issue was joined in an instant.
It astonished me how long the drug took to act.  This, in fact, marked
It cannot have gone too far yet.  Guard her while I look for him!"
It has always been at night-time that I have been molested or
It has quite restored me.  I have an appetite like a cormorant, am
It interested me, even at that moment, to see that whilst the face of
It is a good way round from the West Cliff by the Draw-bridge to
It is a new experience to me to find a lunatic who talk philosophy,
It is a wild adventure we are on.  Here, as we are rushing along
It is all done.  Poor dear, dear Jonathan, what he must have suffered,
It is an added joy to Mina and to me that our boy's birthday is the
It is evident that the Czarina Catherine is still at sea, hastening on
It is for you that I fear!"
It is generally supposed in the neighborhood that, as the
It is needless to say that the dead steersman has been reverently
It is nice at high water, but when the tide is out it shoals away to
It is now close to the time of our general gathering.  Van Helsing has
It is now drawing towards the sunset.  Mina's uneasiness calls my
It is now nearly one o'clock, and he and Van Helsing are sitting with
It is only about 24 hours' sail from the Dardanelles to here, at the
It is really wonderful how much resilience there is in human nature.
It is well we have no sceptic here, or he would say that you were
It is, I suppose, the reaction from the haunting fear which I have
It made me shudder to think of so mutilating the body of the woman
It makes me rage to think that this can go on, and whilst I am shut up
It must have been my weakness that made me hesitate to tell it to my
It seemed, however, that his poor injured brain had been working in
It seems to me that the further east you go the more unpunctual are
It smell so like the waters of Lethe, and of that fountain of youth
It smelt of laudanum, and looking on the sideboard, I found that
It so happened that there was no one at the moment on Tate Hill
It was a lonely vigil.  Just after I had taken my place I heard a
It was a strange thing that the patient had humour enough to see their
It was all very ridiculous but I did not feel comfortable.  However,
It was an answer that appalled the most sceptical of us, and we felt
It was by this time close on morning, and we went to bed.  (Mem., this
It was evident that he recognized my return to my old doubting frame
It was evident that up to lately there had been a large notice board
It was evident then that my surmise had been correct.  Unconscious
It was half-past two o'clock when the knock came.  I took my courage a
It was just a quarter before twelve o'clock when we got into the
It was like a miracle, but before our very eyes, and almost in the
It was like the intolerable, tingling sweetness of waterglasses when
It was most probable that it was because I had laid over the clamps of
It was no wonder that the coastguard was surprised, or even awed,
It was not wide open, but the catch of the lock had not caught.  The
It was now late in the afternoon, and sunset was not far off.  We had
It was now nearly the hour of high tide, but the waves were so great
It was on the dark side of twilight when we got to Bistritz, which is
It was so funny to hear my wife called 'Madam Mina' by this kindly,
It was soothing, somehow, to the feelings to find myself disassociated
It was the better part of an hour when the Count returned.  "Aha!" he
It was with some bitterness in my heart that I answered that I had
It will save much questioning.
It would almost be worth while to complete the experiment.  It might
J. M. Caffyn, of 33, East Elliot Place, who came immediately after
JOHN SEWARD, M. D. (Not Delivered)
JOHNATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL
John Seward
John Seward
John that you and your husband have put up in exact order all things
John's home.  For your Vampire, though in all afterwards he can come
John, I think we may to bed.  We want sleep, both you and I, and rest
John, and then to help a sweet young lady, whom too, I come to love.
John, how goes all?  Well?  So!  I have been busy, for I come here to
John, to you with so much experience already, and you too, dear Madam
John, you know more lunatics than I do, and I'm glad of it, for I fear
John?" he asked.
Jonathan Harker's Journal
Jonathan Harker's Journal Continued
Jonathan Harker's Journal Continued
Jonathan Harker's Journal Continued
Jonathan Harker, his face flushed and breathing heavily as though in a
Jonathan I had seen to gather herself out of the atoms of the
Jonathan and the old man clasped hands.  Our evening was a
Jonathan been with me.  But there!  I must only be patient.  In the
Jonathan came to see me in London, and it all seems like a horrible
Jonathan may not be upset, for I can speak for him and never let him
Jonathan that from the castle to Whitby came fifty boxes of earth, all
Jonathan thought it would interest me to go into the Row for a while,
Jonathan was late too, he was the earlier.  He spoke to me before he
Jonathan with another attack that may harm him.  Some day he may ask
Jonathan would be miserable if he knew I had been crying.  He and the
Jonathan's.  It is the copy of his journal when abroad, and all that
Jonathan, and that as I should have to do some nursing, I had better
Jonathan, and then she tried to comfort me.  Well, she succeeded
Jonathan.  The clock has just struck nine.  I see the lights scattered
Jonathan.  The dear fellow has been ill, that is why he did not write.
Joseph Smollet at home and in his shirtsleeves, taking a late tea out
Joseph and Ste. Mary.  He has been under our care for nearly six
Judgment when they come tumblin' up in their death-sarks, all jouped
July 29, 1873, falling from the rocks at Kettleness.  This tomb was
Just a line.  Mina sleeps soundly and her breathing is regular.  Her
Just as I had come to this conclusion I heard a heavy step approaching
Just before I was leaving, the old lady came up to my room and said in
Just before the stroke of noon he began to grow restless.  The
Just now he spoke coherent words for the first time.  "I shall be
Just now his hobby is catching flies.  He has at present such a
Just outside, stretched on a mattress, lay Mr. Morris, wide awake.  He
Keeping my cab at the gate, I went up the avenue alone.  I knocked
Knowing of the increasing difficulty of procuring the hypnotic trance,
Kukri knife and made a fierce and sudden cut at him.  The blow was a
Kukri knife, he attacked the other frantically with his bowie.  Under
LATER.--After lunch Harker and his wife went back to their own room,
LETTER (by hand), VAN HELSING TO MRS. HARKER
LETTER FROM DR. SEWARD TO ARTHUR HOLMWOOD
LETTER FROM MISS MINA MURRAY TO MISS LUCY WESTENRA
LETTER MINA HARKER TO LUCY WESTENRA
LETTER, ABRAHAM VAN HELSING, MD, DPh, D. Lit, ETC, ETC, TO DR. SEWARD
LETTER, ARTHUR TO DR. SEWARD
LETTER, DR. SEWARD TO HON. ARTHUR HOLMWOOD
LETTER, DR. SEWARD TO HON. ARTHUR HOLMWOOD
LETTER, LUCY WESTENRA TO MINA HARKER.
LETTER, LUCY WESTENRA TO MINA MURRAY
LETTER, LUCY WESTENRA TO MINA MURRAY
LETTER, MESSRS.  CARTER, PATERSON & CO., LONDON,
LETTER, MINA HARKER TO LUCY WESTENRA
LETTER, MINA HARKER TO LUCY WESTENRA (Unopened by her)
LETTER, MITCHELL, SONS & CANDY TO LORD GODALMING.
LETTER, MRS. HARKER TO VAN HELSING
LETTER, QUINCEY P. MORRIS TO HON.  ARTHUR HOLMOOD
LETTER, SAMUEL F. BILLINGTON & SON, SOLICITORS WHITBY,
LETTER, SISTER AGATHA, HOSPITAL OF ST. JOSEPH AND
LETTER, VAN HELSING TO MRS. HARKER
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
LUCY WESTENRA'S DIARY
LUCY WESTENRA'S DIARY
LUCY WESTENRA'S DIARY
LUCY WESTENRA'S DIARY
Language: English
Last night I found her leaning out when I woke up, and when I tried to
Last night I went to bed when the men had gone, simply because they
Later in the day he sent for me.  Ordinarily I would not have come
Later on I may ask more help, and of a different kind, but at first
Later, midnight.--Mina has been bright and cheerful all the evening.
Later--I must have fallen asleep, for I was awakened by Mina, who was
Later.--A sad homecoming in every way, the house empty of the dear
Later.--Another change in my patient.  At five o'clock I looked in on
Later.--Another night adventure.  Renfield artfully waited until the
Later.--At the very outset of our meeting a great personal relief was
Later.--By the kindness of the Board of Trade inspector, I have been
Later.--Dr. Van Helsing has returned.  He has got the carriage and
Later.--Glad I made the resolution, gladder that I kept to it.  I had
Later.--He has come and gone.  Oh, what a strange meeting, and how it
Later.--How strange it all is.  I sat watching Mina's happy sleep, and
Later.--I endorse the last words written, but this time there is no
Later.--I went after my round to Van Helsing and told him my
Later.--It is done.  My will is made, and all complete.  Mina if she
Later.--It took all my courage to say goodbye to my darling.  We may
Later.--Lord Godalming and Mr. Morris arrived earlier than we
Later.--Lord Godalming has returned.  The Consul is away, and the Vice
Later.--Mina and I have worked all day, and we have put all the papers
Later.--Oh, it did me good to see the way that these brave men worked.
Later.--Our opinion was justified, for when after a refreshing sleep
Later.--Sunset has come and gone.  Fortunately it came at a time when
Later.--We have met again.  We seem at last to be on the track, and
Later.--When the Professor came in, we talked over the state of
Later:  The morning of 16 May.--God preserve my sanity, for to this I
Let all be put down exactly.  Van Helsing and I arrived at Hillingham
Let any obstructing cause, no matter what, be removed in any way, even
Let me not think of it.  Action!
Let me tell you that so you will know what we four know already, for I
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
Literary Archive Foundation
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
Liverpool Street was, "Have you said anything to our young friend, to
London as part of his general plan of action, when he was
London in the nineteenth century?"
London in the south-west and west.  I went back to Smollet, and asked
London, where the air is fresh, and the sun rises over Hampstead Hill,
Look!  Look!" he cried suddenly.  "There's something in that wind and
Looking fixedly at her, he commenced to make passes in front of her,
Lord Godalming and I were silent, but Dr. Van Helsing added, "Friend
Lord Godalming and Jonathan dashed up at one side and Dr. Seward and
Lord Godalming and Quincey found the lairs at Walworth and Mile End
Lord Godalming grew very pale, and sat breathing heavily.  I was
Lord Godalming had slipped away for a few minutes, but now he
Lord Godalming his left, Jonathan held my right with his left and
Lord Godalming is rich, and both he and Mr. Morris, who also has
Lord Godalming lifted one of the dogs, and carrying him in, placed him
Lord Godalming said to me, "Quincey and I will find a locksmith.  You
Lord Godalming stood up.  "I can be of some use here," he said.  "I
Lord Godalming's brows contracted, and he stood up and walked about the
Lord love ye, miss, I ain't afraid of dyin', not a bit, only I don't
Lucy
Lucy
Lucy . . ."
Lucy always wakes prettily, and even at such a time, when her body must
Lucy and I sat awhile, and it was all so beautiful before us that we
Lucy chatted with me freely, and seemed quite unconscious that
Lucy did not answer, and I ran on to the entrance of the churchyard.
Lucy has not walked much in her sleep the last week, but there is an
Lucy is asleep and breathing softly.  She has more colour in her cheeks
Lucy is dead, is it not so?  Yes!  Then there can be no wrong to her.
Lucy is more excitable than ever, but is otherwise well.  Last night
Lucy is so sweet and sensitive that she feels influences more acutely
Lucy is to be married in the autumn, and she is already planning out
Lucy slept well into the day, and when she woke she was fairly well
Lucy turned her head and looked at us, but said nothing.  She was not
Lucy walks more than ever, and each night I am awakened by her moving
Lucy was breathing somewhat stertorously, and her face was at its
Lucy was full of pity, too, but she did not attempt to touch the dog,
Lucy was left with me.  We went into her boudoir, and till we got
Lucy was looking sweetly pretty in her white lawn frock.  She has got
Lucy was really tired, and we intended to creep off to bed as soon as
Lucy!  Gone, gone, never to return to us!  And poor, poor Arthur, to
Lucy's account, that their devotion was manifested.  For over and over
Lucy's loveliness had come back to her in death, and the hours that
Lucy's papers himself.  I asked him why, for I feared that he, being a
Lucy's strength.  She was hardly able to turn her head, and the little
Lucy's system must have undergone that what weakened Arthur only
Lucy.  So, sobbing and crying they went about their way, half clad as
Lucy?"
MEMORANDUM BY ABRAHAM VAN HELSING
MEMORANDUM LEFT BY LUCY WESTENRA
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL
MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL--CONTINUED
MINA HARKER'S MEMORANDUM
MINA MURRAY'S JOURNAL
MINA MURRAY'S JOURNAL
MINA MURRAY'S JOURNAL
MINA MURRAY'S JOURNAL
MINA MURRAY'S JOURNAL.
Madam Mina is changing."
Madam Mina that I heard.
Madam Mina.  She has been so heavy of head all day that she was
Making straight for the steep cliff, where the churchyard hangs over
Mamma get on very well together, they have so many things
Manlike, they had told me to go to bed and sleep, as if a woman can
Marquand, of Wholeman, Sons, Marquand & Lidderdale.  He was very
Mary, many, many, happy years for you both."
Master!' and all sorts of similar incoherent ravings.  It was
May I make the only atonement in my power?  Take the cylinders and
May.  She shook her head as she said again:
Merciful God!  The Count has been to him, and there is some new scheme
Midnight.--Another change in him.  I had been to see Miss Westenra,
Midnight.--I have had a long talk with the Count.  I asked him a few
Mile End."
Mina
Mina Harker."
Mina appeared not to see them.  The stillness was broken by Van
Mina laugh, and I turn and look at her.  She is now quite
Mina looked at him appealingly as she asked, "But why need we seek him
Mina should suffer!"  He stopped, his voice was breaking, and I do not
Mina still sleep and sleep.  And though I did have hunger and
Mina too."
Mina took a growing interest in everything and I was rejoiced to see
Mina's face became relaxed in thought.  There was hope in such good
Mina, and I was in terrible plight.  The dilemma had me between
Mina, as of old, back to us today!"  Then turning to her, he said
Mina, couldn't you guess?  I love him.  I am blushing as I
Mina, now more than ever must we find him even if we have to follow
Mina, that are young, here is a lesson.  Do not fear ever to think.  A
Mina, very straightforwardly.  He told me how dear I was to him,
Mina.  Oh, but her soul is true.  It is to her an agony to tell us so
Mina.  She will be my care, if I may.  I am old.  My legs are not so
Mina.  This time we had all had a good sleep, for the grey of the
Miss Lucy was?"
Miss Lucy, shall not leave tonight, that so on the morrow
Mitchell's, we decided not to take any active step before breakfast
Moneybag will settle this case, I think!
More than once as we sat around the table, my eyes opened in wonder
More than one captain made up his mind then and there that his
Morris are getting on.  There seem to be endless streams running down
Morris had had to use force to pass through his side of the ring of
Morris is with him, and that is much of a help, for he himself is a
Morris paid the cabman, who touched his hat and drove away.  Together
Morris telling us his stories, and Arthur never told any, and
Morris were with us also.
Morris, and sent one of the maids to pay off one of the cabmen who
Morris, you see the Vice Consul, and get his aid with his fellow in
Morris.
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:
Moth'?"
Mother cried out in a fright, and struggled up into a
Mr. Hawkins said,
Mr. Hawkins to communicate with her.  To her I have explained my
Mr. Hawkins, he began to ask me how I had come across so suitable a
Mr. Holmwood, he is the Hon. Arthur Holmwood, only son of Lord
Mr. Morris and Lord Godalming started for the door but the Professor's
Mr. Morris on the other.  The leader of the gypsies, a splendid
Mr. Morris resumed the discussion, "As there is no time to lose, I
Mr. Morris' voice without, "Sorry!  I fear I have alarmed you.  I
Mr. Morris, who had sunk to the ground, leaned on his elbow, holding
Mr. Swales would have told me that it was because I didn't want to wake
Mrs. Harker began to blush, and taking a paper from her pockets, she
Mrs. Harker entered the room."
Mrs. Harker raised her head, looking from one to the other of us she
Mrs. Harker reported last night and this morning as usual.  "Lapping
Mrs. Harker smiled sweetly as she replied, "Oh no!  I have a husband
Mrs. Harker smiled, positively smiled, as with a sigh of relief she
Mrs. Harker yielded to the hypnotic influence even less readily than
Mrs. Harker, alone of our party, did not show any signs of emotion.
Mrs. Harker, any more than it was to me, so I joined in, "How did you
Mrs. Harker.
Mrs. Westenra had disease of the heart, and we can certify that she
Mrs. Westenra has got an idea that sleep-walkers always go out on
Mrs. Westenra was naturally anxious concerning Lucy, and has
Mrs. Westenra.  I should never forgive myself if any act of mine, were
My dear Art,
My dear Mina, why are men so noble when we women are so little
My dear Sir:
My dear, I am somewhat previous.  Mr. Quincy P. Morris found me
My dear, it never rains but it pours.  How true the old proverbs
My dearest Lucy,
My dearest Lucy,
My dearest Mina,
My dearest Mina,
My dream was very peculiar, and was almost typical of the way that
My expectation was not realized, for when he found that his appeal
My heart sank when I saw what had happened.  They all four
My heart sank within me, for I felt that there was some fearful ordeal
My homicidal maniac is of a peculiar kind.  I shall have to invent a
My life is hers, and I would give the last drop of blood in my body for
My only comfort is that we are in the hands of God.  Only for that
My own heart grew cold as ice, and I could hear the gasp of Arthur, as
My poor darling's brain had told her the significance of the fact as
My surmise is this, that in London the Count decided to get
My surmise was not finished, could not be, for I caught sight in the
NOTE
NOTE LEFT BY VAN HELSING IN HIS PORTMANTEAU, BERKELEY HOTEL DIRECTED TO
Nations received the 'bloody sword,' or at its warlike call flocked
Nature gathers round a foreign body an envelope of some insensitive
Never did bough creak so mysteriously, and never did the far-away
Never did cypress, or yew, or juniper so seem the embodiment of
No trace has ever been found of the great dog, at which there is
No!  He is a king, and he come when and how he like.  He ask no
None of it that I noticed was less than three hundred years old.
Northern Railway.  Same are to be delivered at Carfax, near
Nothing is talked about here today except the strange coincidence.
Now I want you to make your home here with me.  I have left
Now and again we passed a leiter-wagon--the ordinary peasants's
Now my fear is this.  If it be that she can, by our hypnotic trance,
Now to the historical, for as Madam Mina write not in her
Now we come to what the Count must have done after his
Of course I said all I could about being willing, and asked if I might
Of course it is possible that all may be well, but what may
Of course it may not be either the Sereth or the Pruth, but
Of course the verdict was an open one.  There is no evidence
Of one thing I am now satisfied.  That all those boxes which arrived at
Of this I am sure.  The sun rises today on no more miserable house in
Oh!  But it seemed fresh and pure in the night air after the terror of
Oh, Lucy, Lucy, I cannot be angry with you, nor can I be angry with my
Oh, Mina dear, I can't help crying, and you must excuse this letter
Oh, Mina, I am so happy that I don't know what to do with myself.
Oh, my friend John, but it was butcher work.  Had I not
Oh, my love, I am so glad you have come!  Kiss me!"
Oh, what a wealth of sorrow in a few words!  Poor Mrs. Westenra!  Poor
Oh, why must a man like that be made unhappy when there are lots of
Oh, yes!  They, like the lotus flower, make your trouble forgotten.
Omnia Romae venalia sunt.  Hell has its price!  If there be anything
On a table in the hall was a great bunch of keys, with a time-yellowed
On my saying that I did not understand, she went on:
On the cart was a great square chest.  My heart leaped as I saw it, for
Once again I drew up the blind, whilst Van Helsing went towards the
Once again we went through that ghastly operation.  I have not the
Once more argumentative hostility woke within me.  I could not accept
Once there appeared a strange optical effect.  When he stood between
One by one we treated in the same way each of the great boxes, and
One of the greatest and suddenest storms on record has just been
One of the letters was directed to Samuel F. Billington, No. 7, The
One of the men who came up here often to look for the boats was
One said, "Go on!  You are first, and we shall follow.  Yours is the
Orient Express.  We traveled night and day, arriving here at about
Our very friendship makes a little difficulty which not even medical
Our visit to the hospital took more time than we had reckoned on, and
Our work was not over, and would never be until we should have found
Outlined against the snow as they were, I could see from the men's
Outside the Harkers' door we paused.  Art and Quincey held back, and
Outside the air was sweet, the sun shone, and the birds sang, and it
P.S.--I need not tell you this is a secret.
P.S.--Oh, about number Three, I needn't tell you of number
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
Pall Mall Gazette' and took them to my room.  I remember how much the
Pass my carriage will await you and will bring you to me.  I trust
Pass.  God guide and help them!  I am afraid to think what may
Pass.  The loop it makes is manifestly as close to Dracula's
Passing through this, he opened another door, and motioned me to
Paterson, and their reply.  Of both these I got copies.  This was all
Paxton, the President of the Incorporated Law Society.  Jonathan and I
Perhaps at the end the little things may teach us most.  The teaching,
Piccadilly house, which throughout our interview he called a
Piccadilly, 12:30 o'clock.--Just before we reached Fenchurch Street
Piccadilly, and had taken from this house to the latter nine great
Piccadilly.
Piccadilly.  Jonathan was holding me by the arm, the way he used to in
Piccadilly.  That the two doctors and I should remain there, whilst
Pier, as all those whose houses are in close proximity were either
Pier.
Plan of Campaign.
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
Poor Lucy seemed much upset.  She was restless and uneasy all the time,
Poor dear, she is naturally anxious about Lucy, and she tells me that
Poor fellow!  He looked desperately sad and broken.  Even his stalwart
Presently he took an opportunity of telling Mrs. Westenra that she
Presently she woke, and I gave her food, as Van Helsing had
Presently the horses began to scream, and tore at their
Presently we both began to be conscious that the heat was beginning to
Presently, with an excuse, he left me, asking me to pull my papers
Pro CARTER, PATERSON & CO."
Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
Professor and caught his eyes fixed on mine.  His face was sternly set
Professor carefully tried the lock, lest we might not be able to open
Professor had his ready, and as we met in the corridor he pointed to
Professor locked the door he gave the key to Arthur.
Professor made a few more passes and then stopped, and I could see
Professor to the tomb.  He unlocked the door, and we entered, closing
Professor took his bag, which he always brings with him now.
Professor was satisfied, he called Arthur into the room, and bade him
Professor was talking there came a big bat and sat on the window sill.
Professor's perturbation at reading something in an evening paper at
Professor's, a purpose which could thus use the to him most sacred of
Professor.  I don't quite see his drift, but I swear he's honest, and
Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
Pruth is the more easily navigated, but the Sereth is, at
Pruth or the Sereth.  I read in the typescript that in my
Psalmist says.  For now that he think he is free from every trace of
Purfleet, immediately on receipt at goods station King's Cross.  The
Purfleet.  He 'elped me to lift the boxes and put them in the dray.
Purfleet.  When I had told him the facts and got his signature to the
Quicker and quicker danced the dust.  The moonbeams seemed to quiver
Quincey Morris tightened his belt with that quick movement which I
Quincey Morris, "Professor, I answered for you.  Your word is all I
Quincey Morris, and myself, called for the Professor.  It was odd to
Quincey P. Morris
Quincey and I simultaneously moved towards him, and took his arms.  We
Quincey came into Van Helsing's room.  He told us all what he wanted
Quincey held out his hand.  "Count me in," he said.  "You and the
Quincey was the first to rise after the pause.  He knelt down before
Quincey, so the rest of us shall be off to bed as soon as we can.
R. M, Renfield, age 59.  Sanguine temperament, great physical
REPORT FROM PATRICK HENNESSEY, MD, MRCSLK, QCPI, ETC, ETC,
Realizing the difficulty of following him through the stable, we moved
Release Date: May 9, 2008 [EBook #345]
Renfield proceeded.  "He came up to the window in the mist, as I had
Renfield seemed himself aware of having made a lapse, for he hurried
Renfield's quiet has anything to do with this.  His moods have so
Renfield's room, but there was no trace there except . . ."  Again he
Renfield, as hitherto he has been a sort of index to the coming and
Renfield, we went gravely into what was to be done.  First, Dr. Seward
Renfield.  Do let me see him.  What you have said of him in your diary
Renfield."
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
Road, Great Walworth, and Thomas Snelling, Peter Farley's Row,
Roumanians, came and asked me to heave overboard a big box which had
Russian consul, who kindly translated for me, time being short.
S.P.C.A., which is very strong in Whitby, have tried to befriend the
SAMUEL F. BILLINGTON & SON"
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
SPOKEN BY VAN HELSING
STE. MARY BUDA-PESTH, TO MISS WILLHELMINA MURRAY
Said Mr. Morris, "I have brought some Winchesters.  They are pretty
Sale" up, and that perhaps Mitchell, Sons, & Candy the house agents
Same day, 11 o'clock P.M.--Oh, but I am tired!  If it were not that I
Same day, later.--I have made the effort, and God helping me, have
Same day, night.--We passed a happy day.  The air was clear, and the
Same day, noon.--All goes well.  Lucy slept till I woke her and seemed
Scriptural phrase, 'For the blood is the life.'  Though, indeed, the
Sea wi' a wind ahint ye, as though the Deil himself were blawin' on
Secondly.--We must see, as well as we can surmise it from the
Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm
Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
See!  I prove, I prove.'  Alas!  Had I known at first what now I know,
See, and the sun is just rose, and all day to sunset is us.  Let us
Seeing, I suppose, some expression in my face strange to him, he
Selecting one of them, he began to probe the lock, as if feeling his
September, how poor Lucy was beset, and how her terrible doom was
Sereth and then the Bistritza at its junction, would be the one.  We
Sereth, we got a Roumanian flag which we now fly conspicuously.  With
Servian for something that is either werewolf or vampire.  (Mem., I
Seven years ago we all went through the flames.  And the happiness of
Several points seem to make what the American interviewer calls "a
Seward and of Lord Godalming (that was Arthur of Miss Lucy).  I
Seward has told me of you."  He made no immediate reply, but eyed her
Seward to prescribe something for me which would make me sleep, only
Seward's account of poor Lucy's death, and what followed, is enough to
Seward, that you hardly apprehend my wish.  I desire to go at once,
Seward, you have been very considerate towards me.  Believe me that I
Shakespeare has it, 'chicken feed of the larder' they might be called.
Shall you not all help me?  We have learned to believe, all of us, is
She answers to the first, "Nothing, all is dark."
She came at once, after saying pleasantly to Mr. Renfield, "Goodbye,
She came into the room with an easy gracefulness which would at once
She continued, "This is what I can give into the hotch-pot."  I could
She did not in any way make objection, but looked at me gratefully
She grew paler as she asked faintly, "Why?"
She had fallen back on her pillow asleep.  She did not even wake when
She is quite odd in one thing.  She will not admit to me that there is
She looked at me so appealingly, and at the same time manifested such
She looked so appealing and so pretty that I could not refuse her, and
She looks so sweet as she sleeps, but she is paler than is her wont,
She moved off into her boudoir, where she usually breakfasted early.
She said to me hurriedly, "Go, call the Professor.  I want to see him
She said, "Promise me that you will not tell me anything of the plans
She saw, I suppose, the doubt in my face, for she put the rosary round
She seemed like a nightmare of Lucy as she lay there, the pointed
She shuddered and was silent, holding down her head on her husband's
She sighed and positively a shadow of a smile stole over her poor,
She smiled, and gave some message to an elderly man in white
She still advanced, however, and with a languorous, voluptuous grace,
She stopped and grew white, and whiter still.
She stopped and wanted to insist upon my taking my shoes, but I would
She then rose and dried her eyes, and taking a crucifix from her neck
She threw herself on her knees, and raising up her hands, cried the
She told me that, if she might, she would come presently to my study,
She took his hand, and looking at him through her tears, said
She tried to school herself to the belief, and manifestly for her
She wants to take him up in the seat on the churchyard cliff and show
She was ghastly, chalkily pale.  The red seemed to have gone even from
She was in a faint.  When I managed to restore her, she was weak as
She was looking thin and pale and weak.  But her eyes were
She was right in her instinct.  Strange as it was, bizarre as it may
She was so good and brave that we all felt that our hearts were
She was very sweet to the Professor (as she always is), and tried to
She went on.  "You men are brave and strong.  You are strong in your
She will die for sheer want of blood to keep the heart's action as it
Shortly afterwards, I heard the crackling of their whips die away in
Shortly before ten o'clock the stillness of the air grew quite
Should the letters not carry, then the Count shall not yet know my
Since he has been driven from England, will he not avoid it, as a
Sir, wolves don't gallop no more nor dogs does, they not bein' built
Sister Agatha
Skinsky was chosen at all to aid in the work?  In my husband's
Skinsky.  These we must only guess at, but there must have been
Slovaks with their coloured sheepskins, the latter carrying
Smollet had again faithfully promised to post the address when found,
So Art went on, "He had been there, and though it could only have been
So Arthur took her hand and knelt beside her, and she looked her best,
So I can finish this diary, and God only knows if I shall ever begin
So I started up crying out, "Then in God's name let us come at once,
So I took the hint, and came too.  I was too excited to sleep, but this
So Van Helsing has gone to confer with Mrs. Harker and Harker, Quincey
So he said, leaving his hand in mine, "I'm afraid, my deary, that I
So he took the papers with him and went away, and I sit here thinking,
So it cannot matter to us."  And he calmly held letter and envelope in
So much so that all the rest seemed to take courage, as if infected
So we all slept with more or less reality of sleep.
So we came down this road.  When we meet other ways, not
So we locked the tomb and came away, and got over the wall of the
Society might tell you that you should have known better."
Soho.
Solicitor's clerk!  Mina would not like that.  Solicitor, for just
Some of the scenes thus revealed were of immeasurable grandeur and
Somehow, it was a dread to me that she was in this fearful business at
Something made me start up, a low, piteous howling of dogs somewhere
Something seemed to affect his imagination, for he put his fingers to
Sometimes he sheered off the subject, or turned the conversation by
Somewhere high overhead, probably on the tower, I heard the voice of
Soon we were hemmed in with trees, which in places arched right over
Souls and memories can do strange things during trance."  I was about
Speak out!"
Spohr and Mackenzie, and went to bed early.  Lucy seems more restful
States.
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
Straightway he began taking out the screws, and finally lifted off the
Strange that it never struck me that the very next house might be the
Suddenly he called out, "Look!  Madam Mina, look!  Look!"
Suddenly he jumped to his feet.  "Come," he said, "come, we must see and
Suddenly his eyes opened, and became fixed in a wild, helpless stare.
Suddenly she sat up, and as she opened her eyes said sweetly, "Would
Suddenly the horror burst upon me that it was thus that Jonathan had
Suddenly with a single bound he leaped into the room.  Winning a way
Suddenly, as I turned round, I thought I saw something like a white
Suddenly, away on our left I saw a faint flickering blue flame.  The
Szekelys in the East and North.  I am going among the latter, who
Szgany.  All the time I had been breathlessly watching Jonathan I had,
TABLE OF CONTENTS
TELEGRAM FROM ARTHUR HOLMWOOD TO QUINCEY P. MORRIS
TELEGRAM, ARTHUR HOLMWOOD TO SEWARD
TELEGRAM, MRS. HARKER TO VAN HELSING
TELEGRAM, OCTOBER 24TH RUFUS SMITH, LLOYD'S, LONDON,
TELEGRAM, SEWARD, LONDON, TO VAN HELSING, AMSTERDAM
TELEGRAM, SEWARD, LONDON, TO VAN HELSING, AMSTERDAM
TELEGRAM, VAN HELSING, ANTWERP, TO SEWARD, CARFAX
TELEGRAM.  SEWARD, LONDON, TO VAN HELSING, AMSTERDAM
THE "BLOOFER LADY"
THE ESCAPED WOLF PERILOUS ADVENTURE OF OUR INTERVIEWER
THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
THE HAMPSTEAD HORROR
THE PALL MALL GAZETTE 18 September.
THE WESTMINSTER GAZETTE, 25 SEPTEMBER A HAMPSTEAD MYSTERY
THE WESTMINSTER GAZETTE, 25 SEPTEMBER EXTRA SPECIAL
TO JOHN SEWARD, MD
TO LORD GODALMING, CARE OF H. B. M. VICE CONSUL, VARNA
TO MESSRS. BILLINGTON & SON, WHITBY.
TO MESSRS. CARTER, PATERSON & CO., LONDON.
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
Take then good note of it.  Nothing is too small.  I counsel you, put
Taking her husband's hand in hers, she began, "We are all here
Tate Hill Pier, but your correspondent is a fairly good runner, and
Telegraph her en route so that she may be prepared."
Tell me all the news when you write.  You have not told me
Thank God for Mother's sake, and dear Arthur's, and for all our
Thanks, and thanks, and thanks again for your sweet letter.  It
That 'ere wolf what we called Bersicker was one of three gray
That amongst the Count's papers might be some clue which I could
That has done me good.  Well, some day Jonathan will tell me all.  And
That quite won me, Mina, for it was brave and sweet of him,
That the Czarina Catherine had not been reported to Lloyd's from
That the flowers were of medicinal value, and that the breathing of
That the many horrors and the so long strain on nerves has
That was Mr. Holmwood.  He often comes to see us, and he and
That's all."
That, so far, his plans were successful we know.  The Czarina
The Castle of Dracula now stood out against the red sky, and every
The Count halted, putting down my bags, closed the door, and crossing
The Count has come.  He sat down beside me, and said in his smoothest
The Count smiled, and as his lips ran back over his gums, the long,
The Count stood up, and said, with a sweet courtesy which made me rub
The Count suddenly stopped, just as poor Lucy had done outside the
The Count's mysterious warning frightened me at the time.  It frightens
The Count, evidently noticing it, drew back.  And with a grim sort of
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
The Professor answered very sweetly, "I only used that name because I
The Professor bowed.
The Professor cleared his throat a couple of times, as though about to
The Professor did not move, but simply said, "And how are we to get
The Professor has a strongly humorous side, and I could from old
The Professor knows this well enough, and is doing his best to keep
The Professor laid his hand tenderly on his shoulder as he spoke, "Ah,
The Professor looked pityingly at him.  "If I could spare you one pang,
The Professor looked sternly grave.  He had not loved her as I had,
The Professor paused before replying, "We shall at the first board
The Professor read it over gravely, and handed it back, saying, "It
The Professor said, "I may, I suppose, take it that we are all
The Professor sighed.  "Ah well!" he said, "we must have more proof.
The Professor stepped over, and laying his hand on his shoulder, said
The Professor stood up and, after laying his golden crucifix on the
The Professor stood up, "He has so used your mind, and by it he has
The Professor stood up.  "I must go back to Amsterdam tonight," he
The Professor thought a moment and said, "We must reduce the pressure
The Professor turned to the rest saying, "You hear, and yet there is
The Professor was delighted.  "Ah, that wonderful Madam Mina," he
The Professor watched me critically.  "That will do," he said.
The Professor's voice, as he spoke in clear, sweet tones, which seemed
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
The Russian consul, too, acting for the charter-party, took formal
The air seems full of specks, floating and circling in the
The animal itself was a peaceful and well-behaved as that father of
The answer came dreamily, but with intention.  It were as though she
The answer came quick, "Oh, yes!"
The attendant added, "He seems very importunate, sir.  I have never
The attendant came bursting into my room and told me that Renfield had
The attendant came to tell me, so I ran down at once to have a look at
The attendant thinks it is some sudden form of religious mania which
The attendant thought it would be more useful to watch where he should
The attendant told me the patient had gone to the left, and had taken a
The attendant was waiting for me.  He said he had seen him not ten
The attendant who was kneeling beside the body said to me as we turned
The attendants hesitated, but finally carried out my wishes without
The blind was down, and I went over to raise it gently, whilst Van
The blush that rose to my own cheeks somehow set us both at ease, for
The box was given to Skinsky before sunrise.  At sunrise
The chafts will wag as they be used to.  Some day soon the Angel of
The coastguard on duty at once made report, and one old fisherman,
The coastguard said the man must have tied up his own hands,
The coffin was empty!
The count himself came forward and took off the cover of a dish, and I
The crowd melted away, after the bustling fashion common to arrival
The day is running by more quickly than I ever thought a day could run
The dear girl was more affectionate with me than ever, and clung to me
The disease, for not to be well is a disease, interest me, and the
The dogs are too fierce."  And then he added, with what he evidently
The door is shut, the chains rattle.  There is a grinding of the key
The dying man spoke, "Now God be thanked that all has not been in
The effect I desired was obtained, for he at once fell from his
The effect on Lucy was not bad, for the faint seemed to merge subtly
The effort succeeded, for an instant he unconsciously relapsed into
The fair girl, with a laugh of ribald coquetry, turned to answer him.
The first step was to restore confidence, so I asked him, speaking
The first thing is to realize exactly what he has done as
The forenoon was a dreary time, but at noon the solicitor came, Mr.
The funeral was arranged for the next succeeding day, so that Lucy and
The furniture was something the same style as that in the south rooms,
The gentleman who saw me was particularly suave in manner, but
The great box was in the same place, close against the wall, but the
The gypsies, taking us as in some way the cause of the extraordinary
The hammer fell from Arthur's hand.  He reeled and would have fallen
The harbour lies below me, with, on the far side, one long granite
The house was silent when we got back, save for some poor creature who
The houses are very few here now, and the Professor says that the last
The impression I had was that we were leaving the West and entering the
The instant, however, that I did so he became calm, and said
The leader, with a quick movement of his rein, threw his horse out in
The letters were upside down to me from where I sat, but Lucy was more
The light and warmth and the Count's courteous welcome seemed to have
The light from the tiny lamps fell in all sorts of odd forms, as the
The man ran off, and within a few minutes the Professor, in his
The man stammered in reply, "The English Herr was in a hurry."
The man who took them pressed them to his heart and bowed, and then
The man withdrew, and we went into a strict examination of the
The minutes during which we waited passed with fearful slowness.  I
The moonlight was so bright that through the thick yellow blind the
The morning was quickening in the east when we emerged from the front.
The mouth, so far as I could see it under the heavy moustache, was
The neighborhood of Hampstead is just at present exercised
The next instant, with a sinuous dive he swept under Harker's arm, ere
The officials of the Board of Trade have been most exacting in
The old Professor stood up as he said solemnly, "And you are right.
The other added, "He is young and strong.  There are kisses for us
The other fellow jumped down and struck him over the head with
The others kept shaking me by both hands, and Dr. Van Helsing said,
The others were dazed at first, but as remembrance came back to them
The passengers drew back with a sigh of gladness, which seemed to mock
The patient grew calmer every instant, and presently said, "You
The patient was now breathing stertorously and it was easy to see that
The patient went on without stopping, "Then he began to whisper.  'Rats,
The phantom shapes, which were becoming gradually materialised from
The poor dear grew white as death, and shook and shivered, as I have
The poor dear lady shivered, and I could see the tension of her nerves
The poor dear was evidently terrified at something, very greatly
The poor fellow was quite broken down, now and again he gave a low
The reaction of the terrible strain came as he took the old man's hand
The rest of us hardly dared to breathe.  The room was growing lighter.
The room and all round seemed to spin round.  I kept my eyes
The roses seem coming back already to her cheeks, though she is still
The same day.  I came up here alone, for I am very sad.  There was no
The service was very simple and very solemn.  There were only
The skipper was not displeased with the compliment, and went on, "When
The sounds seemed to have awakened the maids, too, for I could
The strange driver evidently heard the words, for he looked up with a
The strangest figures we saw were the Slovaks, who were more barbarian
The suit in which I had travelled was gone, and also my overcoat and
The sun was now right down upon the mountain top, and the red gleams
The tall wax candles showing a sufficient light to note it well.  All
The terrible task was over.
The thing in the coffin writhed, and a hideous, blood-curdling screech
The three younger men looked happier at the moment as they seemed to
The time I waited seemed endless, and I felt doubts and fears crowding
The time did not seem long, but very, very awful, till I
The two men sitting on the bed stood up and came over, standing behind
The undertaker seemed shocked at his own stupidity and exerted himself
The very prospect of beer which my expected coming had opened to him
The very thought drove me mad.  A terrible desire came upon me to rid
The view was magnificent, and from where I stood there was every
The voice came from the sofa across the room, and its tones brought
The walls were fluffy and heavy with dust, and in the corners were
The whistles are sounding.  We are nearing Galatz.  We are on fire
The whole place was thick with dust.  The floor was seemingly inches
The whole scene was a unutterable mixture of comedy and
The wind roared like thunder, and blew with such force that it was
The wind suddenly shifted to the northeast, and the remnant of the
The window blind blew back with the wind that rushed in,
The windows were curtainless, and the yellow moonlight, flooding in
The wine was Golden Mediasch, which produces a queer sting on the
The wolves were gathering for their prey.
The women looked pretty, except when you got near them, but they were
The wounds seem such as might be made by a rat or a small
Theatre type, with a nose like a sheep, and a fez.  His arguments were
Their eyes met instead of their lips, and so they parted.  Lucy's eyes
Then Arthur spoke out, "Dr. Van Helsing, I don't quite like to 'buy a
Then I arouse Madam Mina.  This time she wake with not much
Then I braced myself again to my horrid task, and found by
Then I ran to the window and cried to them.  They looked up at me
Then Lucy took me upstairs, and showed me a room next her own, where a
Then Mr. Morris said to Dr. Seward, "Say, Jack, if that man wasn't
Then Van Helsing said, placing his hand tenderly on Mrs. Harker's
Then a dog began to howl somewhere in a farmhouse far down the road, a
Then a wild desire took me to obtain the key at any risk, and I
Then began my terrible task, and I dreaded it.  Had it been
Then came a sudden cry, "Look!  Look!  Look!  See, two horsemen follow
Then he held the door partly open, steadying it with his knees, whilst
Then he raised his arms again, as though appealing to the whole
Then he stopped, so I waited.  He went on, "Madam Mina, our poor, dear
Then he took my hand in his, and oh, Lucy, it was the first time he
Then he went on, "The letter to Hawkins, that I shall, of course send
Then her husband turned to her wan-eyed and with a greenish pallor
Then holding the pages between his finger and thumb he said, "Friend
Then it was terrible.  My intuition was right!  For a moment, I
Then our driver, whose wide linen drawers covered the whole front of
Then shall we make our final coup, and hunt the wretch to his real
Then she began to laugh.  It seemed a little uncanny to me, and I
Then the Count turned, after looking at my face attentively, and said
Then the driver cracked his whip and called to his horses, and off
Then the horror overcame me, and I sank down unconscious.
Then there came a sudden peace to me.  My brain seemed to become cool
Then there came the sound of many feet tramping and dying away in some
Then with a long, thin knife we pushed back the fastening of the
Then with swiftness, but with absolute method, Van Helsing performed
Then without letting go her husband's hand she stood up amongst us and
Then without warning the tempest broke.  With a rapidity which, at
Then, for the first time in my life, I saw Van Helsing break down.  He
Then, motioning her husband to sit beside her on the sofa where she
Then, too, Lucy, although she is so well, has lately taken to her old
Then, when she is coffined ready for the next day, you and I shall
Then, without a word, he rose and moving over, sat down on the side of
There are many odd things to put down, and, lest who reads them may
There are some who look with dread on such a possibility, lest later
There be the steans around ye.  Ye can, with your young eyes, read the
There he turned and spoke to us.
There is an additional cause in that poor Mr. Swales was found dead
There is certainly something to ponder over in this man's state.
There is no malign there, see, and so it make hard that I must kill
There is some fascination, surely, when I am moved by the
There is someone in the corridor!"  I got up softly, and crossing the
There is, however, possibly a serious side to the question,
There lay Lucy, seemingly just as we had seen her the night before her
There may be a solemn duty, and if it come we must not shrink from
There may be papers more, such as this."
There must be force to overcome force if need be.  The Slovak is
There must have been some other means of entry, or some one had a key
There on the bed, seemingly in a swoon, lay poor Lucy, more horribly
There seemed none of the unity of purpose between the parts of the
There was a bright full moon, with heavy black, driving clouds, which
There was a considerable pause, and then he said slowly, "Then I
There was a fearful scream which almost froze our hearts to hear.  As
There was a full moonlight, and I could see that the noise was made by
There was a long spell of silence, big, aching, void, and then from
There was a low, sweet ripple of laughter, and in a rage I threw open
There was a pause, broken by Jonathan Harker's voice, "Now, God be
There was at present nothing to be learned from the Piccadilly side,
There was hope in his words, and comfort.  And they made for
There was no cry from the woman, and the howling of the wolves was but
There was no more to be said, so we waited in patience until the dawn,
There was no need to put our fear, nay our conviction, into words, we
There was no possibility of an opiate just at present, and no need of
There was nobody about, and I made a search over every inch of the
There was nothing further to be said, and we parted.  I shall now
There was of course a considerable concussion as the vessel drove up
There was over me a yearning for sleep, in some sort of blind belief
There was something about his manner, so suspicious that I asked him
There was something diabolically sweet in her tones, something of the
There were also chains and ornaments, some jewelled, but all of them
There were before me in actual flesh the same three women
There were but few lights in sight at sea, for even the coasting
There were only twenty-nine left out of the fifty!  Once I got a
There were title deeds of the Piccadilly house in a great bundle,
There will be pain for us all, but it will not be all pain, nor will
There, in one of the great boxes, of which there were fifty in all, on
There, in the coffin lay no longer the foul Thing that we had so
There, indeed, was a woman with dishevelled hair, holding her hands
There, it is all out, Mina, we have told all our secrets to
These infinitesimal distinctions between man and man are too paltry for
These protruded over the lips, whose remarkable ruddiness showed
These words put a different complexion on affairs.  He said, "I would
They all knew that I was busy, and that my stay was short, and Mr.
They all paused.  I had thrown myself beside her in an agony of
They are like little white dots with red centres.  Unless they heal
They both, however, kept their courage, and remained silent and quiet.
They came close to me, and looked at me for some time, and then
They came quickly in and closed the door behind them, the former
They cannot die, but must go on age after age adding new victims and
They had, mind ye, taken the box on the deck ready to fling in, and as
They have a legend here that when a ship is lost bells are heard out at
They may not prevail on her wanting to get in, for then the
They said that he thought only of himself.  Bah!  What good are
They seemed to swarm over the place all at once, till the lamplight,
They shan't murder me by inches!  I'll fight for my Lord and
They were both silent, but the Professor started and quivered.  His
They were evidently talking of me, for every now and then they looked
This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
This afternoon a carrier's cart with two men made a call at the
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
This cargo was consigned to a Whitby solicitor, Mr. S.F. Billington,
This caused me a great fear, and I looked around terrified.  Then
This could not be true, because up to then he had understood it
This did not at all satisfy him, for he said quickly, "But I fear, Dr.
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This gave me an idea, or the rudiment of one.  I must watch how he
This he was to give in charge to a certain Petrof Skinsky, who dealt
This is medicinal, but you do not know how.  I put him in your window,
This is now all more precious that he know it not, and to guard
This is simple.  She have yet no life taken, though that is of time,
This is to my mind the nicest spot in Whitby, for it lies right over
This is your best and most holiest office.  This day nothing can find
This led to much conversation, and as it was evident that he wanted to
This mixture of simplicity and cunning, of superstition and commercial
This morning I slept late after the fatigues of yesterday, and though
This morning the man on duty reported to me that a little after
This puzzled me a little, so I drew him on.  "Then you command life.
This seemed to puzzle him, so I followed it up, "A nice time you'll
This staggered me.  A man does not like to prove such a truth, Byron
This state of excitement kept on for some little time.  And at last we
This then was the Undead home of the King Vampire, to whom
This to Jonathan Harker.
This turned my blood cold, and it began to dawn upon me that I was
This was a portion of Sacred Wafer, which he put in an envelope and
This was a poser to me.  I could not at the moment recall Enoch's
This was all practical, so one of the children went off with a penny
This was continued for a few moments, then it was softened into a glad
This was manifestly a prig of the first water, and there was no use
This was not very pleasant for me, just starting for an unknown place
This was startling, and coming on the top of so many strange things,
Those adventurous days of ours are turning up useful.  We must push
Though to me all happiness for her was denied by the red scar on her
Three until it can be all happy.  Ever your loving . . .
Three, need I?  Besides, it was all so confused.  It seemed
Throughout the journey she slept nearly all the time.  Before sunrise
Thursday last he had a sort of shock."
Thus are we ministers of God's own wish.  That the world, and men for
Thus in the end we may find him in his form of man between the hours
Title: Dracula
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
To me it seems only yesterday that my whole life ended with my new
To my intense astonishment I saw that it was unlocked.  Suspiciously,
To my intense surprise, there was no one with him.  He was quite
To my surprise, Van Helsing rose up and said with all his sternness,
To my surprise, he answered, with a horrorstruck look in his face,
To one thing I have made up my mind.  If we find out that Mina must be
To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
To this he answered enigmatically, "The Bride maidens rejoice the eyes
To this he spoke out resolutely, "Nonsense, Mina.  It is a shame to me
To which he replied, "I did not look for any specific thing.  I only
To which she replied, "You must not take all the credit to yourself,
To which the stranger replied, "That is why, I suppose, you wished him
To which, to my astonishment, he replied, "Goodbye, my dear.  I pray
Today Harker is out following up his clue, and Art and Quincey are
Today he is a drawn, haggard old man, whose white hair matches well
Today is a gray day, and the sun as I write is hidden in thick clouds,
Together we moved over to the bed, and I lifted the lawn from her
Tonight I leave for Amsterdam, but shall return tomorrow night.  And
Tonight, when we met, she was somewhat constrained, and bore all the
Town is very pleasant just now, and we go a great deal to
Transylvania.  He is well, and will be returning in about a week.  I
True to our promise, we told Mrs. Harker everything which had passed.
Turning to her again, he said with keen expectation, "But go on.  Go
Two or three minutes later Van Helsing was in the room in his dressing
UnDead is desperate, and must find the line of least resistance,
Undead, like him, to try to do what he has done, perhaps not all the
Under ordinary circumstances such a stench would have brought our
Under the circumstances we agreed, by a questioning look and answer,
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
VAN HELSING.
Vampire fold.  One more to swell the grim and grisly ranks
Vampire!  So I make my choice to go on with my work.
Van Helsing and I looked at each other, and as we moved away he said,
Van Helsing and I tried to calm them both.  The Professor held up his
Van Helsing and I were a little alarmed about Mrs. Harker today.
Van Helsing and tell him of an accident.  So I woke Quincey or rather
Van Helsing beckoned to us and we stole out of the room, leaving the
Van Helsing began his passes earlier than usual.  They produced no
Van Helsing broke the silence by asking Arthur, "Answer me, oh my
Van Helsing called in one of the women, and told her to stay with her
Van Helsing came and laid his hand on Arthur's shoulder, and said to
Van Helsing continued.
Van Helsing laid a hand on his shoulder, and said, "Brave lad!  A
Van Helsing nodded to him as he whispered to me unconsciously, "The
Van Helsing ordered the former arrangement to be adhered to,
Van Helsing raised his foot to stamp in anger, but the instinct of his
Van Helsing returned in a couple of hours, and presently said to me:
Van Helsing returned with extraordinary celerity, bearing with him a
Van Helsing rose up from where he had all the time been seated, and
Van Helsing roughly put the facts before us first, "The Czarina
Van Helsing said gravely, "Go on, friend Arthur.  We want here no more
Van Helsing said solemnly, "You are always right.  But this is life
Van Helsing shook his head, "I fear not.  This land is very different
Van Helsing smiled in turn.  "Good!" he said.  "Your memory is true,
Van Helsing started angrily at the first sound, but his face softened
Van Helsing stepped from the carriage with the eager nimbleness of a
Van Helsing stepped out, and obedient to his gesture, we all advanced
Van Helsing strode forward, and took his hand, looking him straight in
Van Helsing took some things from his bag and laid them on a little
Van Helsing turned to Morris and asked, "And you, friend Quincey, have
Van Helsing turned to him quickly and said, "God will act in His own
Van Helsing was looking at her fixedly as she spoke, and said,
Van Helsing was very kind to him.  "Come, my child," he said.  "Come
Van Helsing went about his work systematically.  Holding his candle so
Van Helsing went on, "When once within that house we may find more
Van Helsing whispered to me, "Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know
Van Helsing, that you would bring Mina, in her sad case and tainted as
Van Helsing, turning to me, said, "He is so young and strong, and of
Van Helsing, you try me too far.  What have I done to you that you
Very shortly after she opened her eyes in all their softness, and
Vice Consul, as his rank might serve as an immediate guarantee of some
Vienna early next morning; should have arrived at 6:46, but train was
Viking.  If America can go on breeding men like that, she will be a
Ville, who effected the purchase himself paying the purchase
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Wafer in the name of the Father, the Son, and . . ."
Wallach and the Magyar went down beneath the Crescent?  Who was it but
Was this a customary incident in the life of a solicitor's clerk sent
We all acquiesced, but no one spoke.  There was no need to speak.
We all assured him.
We all dined together, and I could see that poor Art was trying to
We all looked at Arthur.  He saw too, what we all did, the infinite
We all looked at each other, trying to glean something each from the
We all sat silent awhile and all at once Mr. Morris spoke, "Say!  How
We all went up to Lucy's room.  Arthur by direction remained outside.
We both understood what was meant, that she had realized to the full
We came back to town quietly, taking a bus to Hyde Park Corner.
We continued to talk for some time, and seeing that he was seemingly
We could only make her happy, and so acqueisced.  She bustled off to
We dined at 'Jack Straw's Castle' along with a little crowd of
We entered Carfax without trouble and found all things the same as on
We found Hildesheim in his office, a Hebrew of rather the Adelphi
We found him in a state of considerable excitement, but far more
We found the child awake.  It had had a sleep and taken some food, and
We go off now to find what ship, and whither bound.  When we have
We got to the Borgo Pass just after sunrise yesterday
We had a sort of perfunctory supper together, and I think it cheered
We had dinner and went to bed early.  Tomorrow we are to see the Vice
We had now to decide what we were to do with the child, and so
We have already arranged what to do in case we get the box open.  If
We have arranged that one of us is to stay within call of the unhappy
We have just received intelligence that another child,
We have our arms.  The Szgany must look out if they mean to fight.  Oh,
We kept on ascending, with occasional periods of quick descent, but in
We know from the record that he was on the water, so what
We left in pretty good time, and came after nightfall to Klausenburgh.
We made an accurate examination of the place, the Professor saying as
We men were all in tears now.  There was no resisting them, and we
We met some time ago a man that would just do for you, if you were
We must fight him all the same."  He went to the hall door for his
We ran over and saw him spring unhurt from the ground.  He, rushing up
We shall return!  But before we go let me see you armed against personal
We shall soon be off.  I am afraid to think what may happen to us.  We
We shook hands, and he was so earnest and so kind that it made me
We should have written long ago, but we knew nothing of his friends,
We shuddered with horror.  I could see by the tremulous light that
We then sought for Skinsky, but were unable to find him.  One of his
We then waited whilst Lucy made her toilet for the night, and when she
We took Lucy into another room, which had by now been prepared, and
We went into the room, taking the flowers with us.  The Professor's
We went round to the back of the house, where there was a kitchen
We went thoroughly into the business of the purchase of the estate at
We were all silent, for we knew instinctively that this was only a
We women have something of the mother in us that makes us rise above
We've told yarns by the campfire in the prairies, and dressed one
We, however, are not selfish, and we believe that God is with us
Wednesday
Well, God's will be done, whatever it may be, and whithersoever
Well, Mr. Morris sat down beside me and looked as happy and jolly as
Well, he did look so good humoured and so jolly that it didn't seem
Well, my dear, number One came just before lunch.  I told you of
Well, my dear, number Two came after lunch.  He is such a nice
Well, there may be a poison that distills itself out of good things.
Westenra had for some time expected sudden death from her heart, and
Westenra's death.  By the kindness of Lord Godalming, I am
Westenra, and after lunch Lucy will take an opportunity of being
Westenra, seal all her papers, and write him tonight.  For me, I watch
Western seas there are bats which hang on the trees all day, and those
Wet my lips with brandy again.  I have something that I must say
What I saw was the Count's head coming out from the window.  I did not
What am I to do?  God shield me from harm this night!  I
What could I do but bow acceptance?  It was Mr. Hawkins' interest, not
What does it all mean?  I am beginning to wonder if my long habit of
What have I done?  What have I done to deserve such a fate, I who have
What manner of man is this, or what manner of creature, is it in the
What shall I do?  What can I do?  How can I escape from this dreadful
Whatever may be the issue of all this fearful state of things, it will
Whatever may happen, it must be of new hope or of new courage to me!"
Whatever my expectation was, it was not disappointed, for there, on our
When Arthur had gone I went back to the room.  Lucy was sleeping
When Dr. Van Helsing and Dr. Seward had come back from seeing poor
When Dr. Van Helsing had done speaking, I asked him if he were certain
When I asked her how she came to be at the window she shook her head
When I asked him what he meant, he only shook his head and answered,
When I asked the man who came to the door for the "depite," he shook
When I bent over her I could see that she was still asleep.  Her lips
When I came back he looked at me carefully, and then said, "You are
When I came down again I found the others all gathered round the fire
When I came to Renfield's room I found him lying on the floor on his
When I could see again the driver was climbing into the caleche, and
When I described Lucy's symptoms, the same as before, but infinitely
When I found that I was a prisoner a sort of wild feeling came over
When I got almost to the top I could see the seat and the white figure,
When I got back Quincey was waiting for me.  I told him I would see
When I got on the coach, the driver had not taken his seat, and I saw
When I had done reading, Jonathan took me in his arms and kissed me.
When I had finished Van Helsing said, "This has been a great day's
When I had finished, he said, "I am glad that it is old and big.  I
When I had read it, I stood looking at the Professor, and after a
When I had written in my diary and had fortunately replaced the book
When I stepped into the circle where Madam Mina slept, she
When I was in my room and about to lie down, I thought I heard a
When I was leaving the room, last of our party, he said to me in a
When I went into the dining room, breakfast was prepared, but I could
When I went into the room, I told the man that a lady would like to see
When I went to the station to meet Van Helsing I left the boys behind
When Lucy, I call the thing that was before us Lucy because it bore
When a couple of hours had passed I heard something stirring in the
When all was over, I could see how much Arthur was weakened.  I
When all was ready, Van Helsing said, "Before we do anything, let me
When first the Professor's eye had lit upon him, he had been angry at
When he arrived it was nearly six o'clock, and the sun was setting
When he had completed it he stood beside me again saying, "At least
When he had spoken, Mina's long spell of silence made me look at her.
When he left me I went to my room.  After a little while, not hearing
When he opened them he said, hurriedly, and with more energy than he
When he raised his head Van Helsing said to him, "And now, my child,
When he saw me he became furious, and had not the attendants seized
When her mother came up to see her, she did not seem to notice any
When it came to speaking to this great learned man, I began to fear
When it grew dark there seemed to be some excitement amongst the
When it struck him what he said, he was horrified at his
When she did speak, her words were enigmatical, "Something is going
When she was told, she pondered over it deeply for a long time and in
When she woke late in the afternoon, Lucy's first movement was to feel
When the Professor had done speaking my husband looked in my eyes, and
When the caleche stopped, the driver jumped down and held out his hand
When the day came, its searching light showed the ravages in poor
When the door was shut upon her he said to me, "We mean the same!
When the man had fairly gone, we three crossed the street and knocked
When the question began to be discussed as to what should be our next
When the snow storm abated a moment we looked again.  It was strange
When the terrible story of Lucy's death, and all that followed, was
When the three men had gone out to their tasks Van Helsing asked Mrs.
When the wire was dispatched he had a cup of tea.  Over it he told me
When they were all unloaded and packed in a great heap in one corner
When this was done, he lifted the child and said, "Come now, my
When we are married I shall be able to be useful to Jonathan, and if
When we arrived at the Berkely Hotel, Van Helsing found a telegram
When we came into Lucy's room I could see that Van Helsing had, with
When we came to the discussion of the sequence of our efforts and of
When we entered we saw with amazement that he had spread out his sugar
When we got home we were talking of the old time, which we could all
When we had examined this last find, Lord Godalming and Quincey Morris
When we had finished the work in hand, he said to me, "And now, friend
When we had got some little distance away, we went into a clump of
When we have breakfast, then I answer all questions."  He would say no
When we met together, the first thing was to consult as to taking Mina
When we started, the crowd round the inn door, which had by this time
When we stopped the operation, he attended to Lucy, whilst I applied
When we were alone and had heard the last of the footsteps die out up
When we were alone, he said to me, "Jack Seward, I don't want to shove
When we were shown in, Mrs. Westenra met us.  She was alarmed, but not
When within a foot or two of the door, however, she stopped, as if
When, an hour or two after, the Count came quietly into the room, his
Whereat she laughed, a laugh low and unreal, and said, "Fear
Wherever he may be in the Black Sea, the Count is hurrying to his
Whether it is the old lady's fear, or the many ghostly traditions of
Whether it was the purifying of the deadly atmosphere by the opening
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
Whilst I was looking at the books, the door opened, and the Count
Whilst he was speaking, Jonathan had taken my hand.  I feared, oh so
Whilst he was speaking, Lucy had been examining the flowers and
Whilst they played wits against me, against me who commanded nations,
Whilst they were talking Mr. Morris was looking steadily at the
Whilst we were busy chafing her limbs there was a knock at the hall
Whilst we were speaking we were startled by a knock at the hall door,
Whilst we were talking one came running and breathlessly gasped out
Whitaker's Almanac, the Army and Navy Lists, and it somehow gladdened
Whitby from Varna in the Demeter were safely deposited in the old
Whitby on the Yorkshire coast.
Whitby vernacular, actually project over where the sustaining cliff
Whitby, 30 August.
Whitby, and as friend John saw him fly from this so near house, and as
Whitby, perhaps poor dear Lucy would be with us now.  She hadn't taken
Whitby.
Why can't they let a girl marry three men, or as many as
Winchester rifle ready for use against the boulder at the opening of
Winchester rifles, and in an unmistakable way commanded them to stop.
Winchesters, and at the mercy of Lord Godalming and Dr. Seward, had
Winter-Suffield.  The purchaser is a foreign nobleman, Count de
With a contemptuous sneer, he passed quickly through the door, and we
With a quick movement he jumped from bed, and began to pull on his
With hands that trembled with eagerness, I unhooked the chains and
With his usual recuperative energy, he went on, "Come.  If there be no
With one sweep of his powerful arm, the Count threw the door shut, and
With sad hearts we came back to my house, where we found Mrs. Harker
With some difficulty, I got a fellow passenger to tell me what they
With strained ears, I listened, and heard downstairs the grinding of
With the child-brain that was to him he have long since conceive the
With their going it seemed as if some evil presence had departed, for
With this one, all the forces of nature that are occult and deep and
With you I agree that there has been much blood lost, it has been
Within, stood a tall old man, clean shaven save for a long white
Without a word he shook his reins, the horses turned, and we swept
Without an instant's notice he made straight at me.  He had a dinner
Without another word he made the operation.  For a few moments the
Without taking his eyes from Mina's face, Dr. Van Helsing motioned me
Woman in Black."  During the past two or three days several
Won't you let this be at my campfire tomorrow night?  I have no
Woodhouse, drowned in the same seas in 1777, or John Paxton, drowned
Woods, Mrs. Westenra driving by the road and Lucy and I walking by the
Yes, there is a way, if one dares to take it.  Where his body has gone
Yesterday I came here before sundown, for at sundown the UnDead can
You are a god, I suppose?"
You are to stay with your dear Madam Mina.  We shall go to make our
You are too precious to us to have such risk.  When we part tonight,
You can ask Dr. Van Helsing if I am not right.  If he disagrees you
You can take them with you and read them in the train."
You deal with the madmen.  All men are mad in some way or the other,
You know I am no lightweight, and the others were both burly men.
You may as well be quiet.  It is not the first time, or the second,
You must not be alone, for to be alone is to be full of fears and
You will need all your faith, even you who have had such an experience
Your loving
Your police must indeed be zealous men and clever, oh so clever, in
Yours respectfully,
Yours, as ever and always,
Zoo.
[This file last updated April 30, 2011]
_Omne ignotum pro magnifico_; and so with heavy hearts we start to find
_vif_.  Her long sleep all day have refresh and restore her, for
a 'tight place,' he went back to his own country from the land he had
a bag in which were many instruments and drugs, "the ghastly
a beautiful colour since she has been here.
a body of men more strong in all than him, can at certain times hold
a brute and would not add to my present trouble.  Then he broke off
a calf's, and the dreaded Hereafter may still be open to me.  God help
a cause for trouble.  I am now sitting by his bedside, where I can
a child, "that's quite true, upon my honour.  Honest Indian!"
a cold stare of lion-like disdain.  His expression again changed as,
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
a courtly bow, he quickly left me.
a courtly gesture, saying in excellent English, but with a strange
a deadly fear shot through my heart.  As I passed over he moved back,
a dispatch.  The Professor closed the door again, and after looking at
a dog's, but more fierce and deeper.  I went to the window and
a door had been shut between us.
a few moments, and then, with a long sigh, awoke and stared in wonder
a fierce sweep of his arm, he hurled the woman from him, and then
a foot wide, all studded over with brass nails.  They wore high boots,
a great bat, which wheeled around, doubtless attracted by the light,
a habit for Van Helsing to hypnotize her at such times.  At first,
a hysterical way:  "Must you go?  Oh!  Young Herr, must you go?"  She
a leer of inexpressible cunning.  "I know that I shall never lack the
a little roll of paper, which proved to be the addendum to
a long spell of east wind out of a steel sky.  Somehow Arthur feels
a long time it did not act.  I seemed to become more wakeful, and
a loud cry, and put her poor thin hands before her pale face.
a lovely rose-pink.  She has lost the anemic look which she had.  I
a low wail, and whispered, amidst choking sobs.
a mad thing at the bars as if he wanted to get out.  There wasn't
a man can to save you from sorrow.  Just think.  For why should I give
a man.
a moment I thought that he might have some homicidal intent.  I
a mournful sound on the wind.
a national dish, I should be able to get it anywhere along the
a nice job she will make of it too!  There's some consolation in that.
a old 'ouse at Purfleet.  There ain't a many such jobs as this 'ere,
a pause of a moment, he proceeded, in his stately way, to the door,
a pile of newly dug earth, lay the Count!  He was either dead or
a pitch compared with which Burdon-Sanderson's physiology or Ferrier's
a power exists to us as can sterilize his lairs, so that he cannot use
a pretty good pile, he said, "Did you write all this, Mrs. Harker?"
a repose which was like spring after the blasts of March.  I thought
a ruin tomb in a forgotten land.  What more may he not do when the
a rule that she should not be present with Lucy, or think of her
a shrine, who did not even turn round as we approached, but seemed in
a shudder ran through all who saw her, for lashed to the helm was a
a snap, and said,
a sob he laid his head on my shoulder and cried like a wearied child,
a sort of blank terror, as one looks who has been waked out of a bad
a sort of manly fervour that I could have loved him for if I had
a soul at stake!  We shall operate just above the ear."
a state of mind.
a stubble-field.  There's the clock, and I must gang.  My service to
a sudden shock would be almost sure to kill her.  Ah, we were wise to
a sudden way and awakes all trembling until I can coax him
a surgeon standing him in good stead.  Presently he got one to suit,
a test of what she could.  She rose obedient, but when she
a thorough examination of the various stairs and passages, and to try
a time.  His reply was in a way characteristic of him, for it was
a tiny fret saw.  Striking the turnscrew through the lead with a swift
a vampire in the end, then she shall not go into that unknown and
a very interesting old place.  Being practically on the frontier--for
a very odd thing occurred.  Whilst still asleep she took the paper
a very straggling way, and I can only guess at the amount of ground it
a victoria outside Guiliano's, when I felt Jonathan clutch my arm so
a waitin' for somethin' else than what we're doin', and death be all
a way of going on his own road, no matter who remonstrated.  He took
a way that every point tells, she may well feel that her part is
a while asked me to take him to Renfield.  I did so.  As we came to
a while.  He must then go home and rest, sleep much and eat much, that
a wing of the castle further to the right than the rooms I knew and a
a wish, to ensure its fulfilment."
a woman.  I rushed to the window, and throwing it up, peered between
a wonderful power he must have over his patients.  He has a curious
a word at which every man of the gypsy party drew what weapon he
a word we all knelt down together, and all holding hands, swore to be
a yearning for delay which seemed to paralyze my faculties
a'belderin'.  They be nowt but air-blebs.  They, an' all grims an' signs
a-comin' and arskin' of me questions about my business, and I that
a-shinin' at her out of the dark!  If he can't get food he's bound to
a-talkin' they lay down, and when I went over to Bersicker
abandon their just rights, for sentimental reasons regarding an entire
abating.  Crowds are scattering backward, and the sky is
abed at such an hour, for it was now ten o'clock, and so rang and
ability, and he certainly left me under the impression that he would
abnormally clever that if he went off his head he would carry out his
abnormally cruel.  His pets are of odd sorts.
about breeding up a new class of curates, who don't take supper, no
about his work of going his round of the patients.  When he had
about it, she laughed and petted me, and said she did not even feel it.
about it.  She had been restless all the morning, so that we were at
about our work as though that loathsome place were a garden of roses.
about poor Art and his trouble?  Why his heart was simply breaking."
about souls?  Haven't I got enough to worry, and pain, to distract me
about the less carnivora, when I know of what is before me."
about the place.  We could hear the distant howling of wolves.  They
about the proposals they made to Lucy.  They did not quite know what
about the registration, and arranged with the local undertaker to come
about the room.  Fortunately, the weather is so hot that she cannot
about the seat of his trousers, and which had hieroglyphical entries
about to call him back to the point, but Van Helsing whispered to me,
about to look at them when I saw the door handle move.  I sank back in
about, and though the sun was bright, and the air clear and fresh, the
above the horizon.  If I want anything I shall call out, and you can
abroad.  The time is come, I fear, when I must open the parcel, and
absolutely safe in the hands of Mitchell, Sons, & Candy."
absolved from the promise."
accept.  How will you do this bloody work?"
accepting Van Helsing's theories.  But if she were really dead, what
accepts all things, and accepts them in the spirit of cool bravery,
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
accident when trying to force a way up the rapids.  The Slovak boats
accident, the peasantry tell us that after she got upon smooth water
accomplished without the bringing thereinto our most sweet Madam Mina
accumulation of dust.  In the moonlight opposite me were three young
accurately, so I had better commence to do so, therefore . . .
accused him of robbing him and wanting to murder him and
accustomed to hunt together, and we two, well armed, will be a match
accustomed to obey him implicitly.  Now, the old habit seemed to be
acquaintanceship.  They took their hats off and made obeisance and
acquainted with the facts that are in these papers."  We all expressed
acrewk'd, a regular lamiter he was, an' he hated her so that he
acrid smell about.  I was suspicious, and examined the decanter.
across the box, and as I pulled it away the flange of the blade caught
across the sky.  We all kept somehow close together, with Van Helsing
act and think, and the hours of the day and the night are ours
act for good all round and send him peace.  My mind is made up.  Let
act the instant when that ship arrives."
act was Harker, who with a quick movement, threw himself before the
act.  Devils or no devils, or all the devils at once, it matters not.
action of tearing, as though the material were still in her hands.
actions for damages, and promised to rain all the penalties
actions were certainly odd and not to be found in any pharmacopeia
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
actually hurled him almost across the room.
actually lashed to the wheel.
actually received the boxes.  Their tally was exact with the list, and
acumen were wonderful.  When he had satisfied himself on these points
added, "Ah, sir, you dwellers in the city cannot enter into the
added.
addle where she was.  Now isn't that stean at any rate," he hammered
address of Mitchell, Sons, & Candy from a directory at the Berkeley, I
adjacent mountain on any side.  There was something wild and uncanny
adjusted the pillow to the patient's head.  As he did so the narrow
adopt him.  Your maneater, as they of India call the tiger who has
adventures in different parts of the world, Quincey Morris had always
afeared than they is they can make a devil of a noise and chop it
affair, and so detained.
affected by it.
affected her more strongly so I lifted her on the sofa and let her
afflicted, or blessed, with something of his own obsequious suavity.
afford us a valuable clue.  He is now seemingly quiet for a spell . . .
afforded me a study of much interest.  He is so quaint that I am
affording an opportunity, through the medium of the currency of the
afraid of doing anything wrong by helping his fads.  I can't forget
afraid to think.  But the conviction of what was coming was on me, as
afraid!  I am afraid of all things, even to think but I must go
after Jonathan's full confidence for so many years, to see him
after a few hours I think I must have been mad for the time, for I
after a little play back and forward the bolt yielded, and with a
after a longer and more serious effort on the part of Van Helsing than
after a quick glance said, "Dr. Seward, is it not?"
after about a minute three terriers came dashing round the corner of
after his last repulse he might not care to go again.  There was also
after kneeling beside the couch for a while and looking at her
after midnight came a strange sound from over the sea, and high
after our visit to Carfax, we should all enter the house in
after telling you of it, and I don't wish to tell of the number
after trying a little to school my nerves, I found a soft quietude
afternoon, so sleep well and dream well!"  With a courteous bow, he
afterwards explained by saying that to a Boyar the pride of his house
again Jonathan observe.  He has the strength of many of his hand,
again along the hall, with many other idle feet coming behind them.
again have I seen similar instances of woman's kindness.  I got back
again into our confidence.  Things are getting desperate, and it is at
again misled me.  A half crown tip put the deputy's knowledge at my
again one of those frightful relapses, and I went round the house to
again softly.
again that I hardly know myself.  It is as if I had passed through
again were scions who were held by their coevals to have had dealings
again!  How remiss I am to let you stay up so long.  You must make
again!  She is steered mighty strangely, for she doesn't mind the hand
again, and I realized where I was.  I heard the dogs bark behind our
again, and again, and again.  Look at his persistence and endurance.
again, she kept stopping every now and again so long as she was in
again.
again.
again.  Indeed, I am, and if there is to be any sitting up, it is I
again.  Then outside in the shrubbery I heard a sort of howl like
again?  We go on for all time abhorred by all, a blot on the face of
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
against ghostly as well as carnal attack?"
against his class.  The Count wanted isolation.
against it the figures of my late companions crossing themselves.
against stream.  There would be no such if floating down
against the corner of the gateway.  When she saw my face at the window
against the floor.  Indeed it was from the face wounds that the pool
against the sky.
against the window, and Mr. Bilder's face doubled its natural length
against.  I explained all these things to him to the best of my
agent of my friend Peter Hawkins, of Exeter, to tell me all about my
agent, one Ristics who will there present his credentials.  And so our
agglomeration of things, the ship steered into port by a dead man, his
aghast with horror.  But as I looked, they disappeared, and with them
ago which of us would have received such a possibility, in the midst
agonizing experience.  I fell asleep as soon as I had closed my diary.
agony of despair for a long time after you left me, it seemed hours.
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
agreed that if we do not eat we cannot work our best.  Our best will
agreement with his views.
ain't nobody of that kind livin' 'ere or anywheres."
air a long, low wail, so full of woe and pity that it woke me
air of comfort than any I had seen.
air seemed to exhale through the gaps, but none of us ever expected
air.  I seem to remember that once the West Lighthouse was right under
air.  You will be pleased with her, I am sure."
alarms.  Come to the drawing room, where there is a big fire, and
alas!  unavailing till too late.  Then, ere the great dark
alder trees, we saw the sexton lock the gate after him.  We knew that
alert.  She could not remember anything, but asked what she had said.
all I can do is to accept your ideas blindfold and try to help you.  I
all I could, I am not ashamed to say it now.  I must tell you
all about it, and now he wants me to tell him what I know, so that he
all agreed that it was best that I should not be drawn further into
all be informed as to facts, and can arrange our plan of battle with
all come with him too, "for," he said, "there is a grave duty to be
all convinced that the box was on its way, by water, to somewhere, but
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
all earth below for leagues and leagues.  Is it not so?  Well, I shall
all events that neither of them was Jonathan.  At the same time I knew
all events.  He cheerfully acquiesced in this, and I gave him the same
all for the best as she think, does such thing as lose her daughter
all his life has done no wrong, and on whom so many sorrows have
all his things.  I saw amongst them was his notebook, and was
all in black, except that he have a hat of straw which suit not him or
all law.  They attach themselves as a rule to some great noble or
all locked, as I had expected, and the locks were comparatively new.
all makes my head whirl round.  I feel like one in a dream.  Can it be
all my brains to get through.
all my efforts would be in vain.  It was open, and led through a stone
all my purpose and with my motive for hate.  I was moved to
all my strength?  Yes!  And yet you saw how she thanked me, with her
all nice and comfortable, and we dined together.  After dinner
all night, and did not disturb me once.
all of them, an' yet in nigh half of them there bean't no bodies at
all over intently with a set frown on his face.  This look gave way to
all over the sashes, as though to ensure that every whiff of air that
all over the town, sometimes in rows where the streets are, and
all periods back, I should say, to mediaeval times, for one part is of
all picture-wolves, Red Riding Hood's quondam friend, whilst moving
all possible, or even a part of it?  If I had not read Jonathan's
all ready in case we want to go horse backing, but don't you think
all recognized the Count, in every way, even to the scar on his
all right.  When we arrived at Exeter there was a carriage
all she knew to mislead her mother and prevent her from being
all sorts of attire.  Some of them were just like the peasants at home
all sorts of queer dreams.  There was a dog howling all night under my
all that haunts me is a fear lest in some trance or dream he may have
all the fresh feeling of early autumn seemed like the completion of
all the great round of its daily course.
all the meaner things, the rat, and the owl, and the bat, the moth,
all the papers relating to this monster, and the more I have studied,
all the same.  He had evidently been schooling himself as to all
all the strength we could muster was required to cope with the Count's
all the world.  I wouldn't let you know that terrible story!"
all these cases the children were too young to give any
all things were to be at your charge, I have mentioned to him who
all this may not upset him again.  I shall try to save him from it.
all those terrible things, or had he some cause for it all?  I suppose
all to ourselves.  Van Helsing, instead of his little black bag, had
all was indeed changed.  The frowning mountains seemed further
all who so reverence you should have said anything so forgetful.  These
all work to be done quick and sharp, and in deadly earnest.  The day
all!  I don't care a pin about them."
all, an' the memories of them bean't cared a pinch of snuff about,
all, but now that her work is done, and that it is due to her energy
all.  That be a whole thought, though so young that he is not yet
all."
allayed it.  Needless to add, I took care before leaving to lift,
allied to the ordinary gipsies all the world over.  There are
allowed to top their walls with broken bottles.  This 'ere's
almost at variance with the possibilities of latter-day belief may stand forth
almost bounded into the room at about half-past five o'clock, and
almost came into collision, for she asked us if we were or were not
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
almost recovered, but he has been greatly upset by Mr. Hawkins death."
almost touching poor Lucy's breast.  Then he gave a quick turn of his
alone I would be glad, as then I should not have to keep him waiting,
alone from the bloody field where his troops were being slaughtered,
alone knows who, or where, or what, or when, or how it may be . . .
alone this foulness can dwell.  For it is not the least of its terrors
alone with you.  I am filled with anxiety, and want to consult with
alone, and on the table opposite him was what I knew at once from the
alone.  And so now, Art, you know all I know.  I shall keep stern
alone.  I suppose it is some of that horrid poison which has got into
alone.  It seems that a man always does find a girl alone.  No, he
alone."
alone."
along another great passage, on whose stone floor our steps rang
along outside of it.  On the near side, the seawall makes an elbow
along the hall.  The Count was evidently prepared for some surprise,
already assembled on the pier a crowd, whom the coastguard and
already for any one else.  He put it very nicely, saying that he did
already he knew so much, and guessed so much, that there could be no
already, and we go out as the old knights of the Cross to redeem
already, and will know in full before long, what it is to cross my
already, without thinking of souls?"
already.  Get to your bed and try to behave more discreetly."
also come some Slovaks.  When they have gone, my carriage shall come
also lit in the study or library, and I found the Count lying on the
also that so fine young man of America that gave his blood.  Later we
also?"
alternative but to accept.  We were right in principle, and
although more haggard, and her breathing was softer.  Her open mouth
although so dim, and every now and again struck the window with its
although that's all past and gone, I can't help feeling anxious about
altogether the gloom of horror that lay upon it.
altogether was going on well.  Dr. Vincent took the bandage from its
always be with me to the end."  This was to her husband whose hand had,
always have a reason for what you do, but this certainly puzzles me.
always have when the Count is near.  But at the instant I saw that the
always like a bone or two to clean their teeth on about tea
always mean something more than his own well-being, they form a more
always so with young ladies."
always spoke of 'master'.  This all seems confirmation of our idea.
always used to make up the time tables, so as to be helpful to my
always were we sure that they were roads at all, for they
am as sane as at least the majority of men who are in full possession
am content if I am like the rest, so that no man stops if he sees me,
am here, it is you who would laugh.  I have learned not to think
am longing to hear all his news.  It must be nice to see strange
am not at liberty to give you the whole of my reasons, but you may, I
am not worthy in His sight.  Alas!  I am unclean to His eyes, and
am practicing very hard.
am reduced.  Safety and the assurance of safety are things of the
am so glad that she consented to hold back and let us men do the work.
am to have a letter.
am very, very grateful to you!"
am!  Here I am!' till the blood come dance back and bring some of the
amazement.  He seemed dazed for a few seconds, and then full
amenable to his spiritual power, for look, these rats that would come
amongst men.
amongst ourselves, I took Mina to her room and left her to go to bed.
amongst the mountains over Lake Hermanstadt, where the devil claims
amongst them they carried a small arsenal.
amongst us and in ignorance.  I only saw Dr. Seward for a moment, and
amongst us still, send down from the pagan world of old, that such
amused me to hear him talk American slang, and whenever I was
an Omnipotent Being.  How these madmen give themselves away!  The real
an ancient and imperfect kind there was, I held down my head and
an animal's.  Jonathan kept staring at him, till I was afraid he would
an asylum did not strike me at the moment, and besides, there was a
an hour late.  Buda-Pesth seems a wonderful place, from the glimpse
an imitation of you, and in that diary she traces by inference certain
an old tradition that they are not to be kept in too good order.  Of
an order, written to him from England, to receive a box marked for one
an outrage upon friendship and hospitality!  It is not signed.  Well!
an unusual amount of 'tripping' both to and from Whitby.  The day
an unusual understanding of himself, which was unlike anything I had
an' I'm thinkin' that maybe Sam Bloxam could tell ye summut."
an' warnin's, be all invented by parsons an' illsome berk-bodies an'
and 'owlin' I kem away straight.  There was Bersicker a-tearin' like
and Art are all out following up the clues as to the earth boxes.  I
and Bukovina, in the midst of the Carpathian mountains; one of the
and Dr. Seward in the centre.
and I am crying like a baby.
and I am now a full-blown solicitor!  I began to rub my eyes and pinch
and I am rigorously accustomed to wind it the last thing before going
and I are to leave by the 11:40 train tonight for Veresti, where we
and I came here, with good purpose, believe me.  I opened that coffin,
and I can hear the rooks overhead cawing and cawing and
and I can promise that nothing will happen."
and I cannot but think that her dreaming at night is telling on her.
and I could not believe that she was dead.  The lips were red, nay
and I had to put a bullet through her as she lay.  Jack, if you may
and I hope I may see you often, under auspices pleasanter to
and I keep waiting till the sun is up high.  For there may be
and I know by bitter experience what may happen in a night.
and I leaned over to look at it, and I heard a lot of dogs howling.  The
and I mistrusted myself.  Doctor, you don't know what it is to doubt
and I moved forward to Mrs. Harker, who by this time had drawn her
and I must not say it.  I am glad to say that, though I was
and I shall not dishonour her by mixing the two.  If need be, tonight
and I take it that you do not, that you cannot, trust me now, for you
and I took in turns to watch, and we never left her for a moment
and I was tired and hungry.  I got a cup of tea at the Aerated Bread
and I went on with my work.  I had just finished Mrs. Harker's diary,
and I, Mina dear, who are engaged and are going to settle down soon
and Morris had not only arrived, but had already studied the
and Morris hurried off in a cab, we following in another.  At the
and a few memoranda, and a diary new begun.  But I have them here, and
and a fine old fellow he is, I can see that, said that time you two
and a glad look came into his eyes as I cried out, "Quincey Morris!"
and a neck well balanced on the trunk as the head is on the neck.  The
and a salad and a bottle of old tokay, of which I had two glasses, was
and a sharper howling, that of wolves, which affected both the horses
and a surlier foreman, both of whom were appeased with the coin of the
and about three feet long.  One end of it was hardened by charring in
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
and accordingly send you a transcript, simply omitting technical
and again brought his forces over the great river into Turkeyland,
and all blessings.
and all in it, including life itself, that I would not care if I heard
and all that makes it what it is.  But alas!  As yet I only know your
and all the world to me.  Our souls are knit into one, for all life
and all time.  Think, dear, that there have been times when brave men
and all went off to smoke together, as they said, but I knew that they
and also a similar authorization to his agent at Varna.  We have seen
and also two wax candles, which, when lighted, he stuck by melting
and am terribly anxious.  Cannot leave.  Father still in same
and an hour ago I found him whetting the edge of the great Ghoorka
and as I looked I could see Quincey Morris run across the lawn and
and as I passed a while ago I heard the click of the typewriter.  They
and asked if I could love him in time, and when I shook my head his
and at all times, that even police, who know not much from philosophy,
and awoke.  She did not seem surprised to see me, as, of course, she
and became so absorbed in the papers, whilst I went to see after lunch
and before our meeting, which is fixed for nine o'clock.  The rest of
and began to read.  As the Count did not come in, I have written
and begin transcribing.  Then we shall be ready for other eyes if
and black moustache and pointed beard, who was also observing the
and bolted.  In no place save from the windows in the castle walls is
and brains and foresight that the whole story is put together in such
and brought me to his father's house, where they had decided that I
and brought the shame of slavery on them!  Was it not this Dracula,
and burn his heart or drive a stake through it, so that the
and by now my dear Mina would have been free.  I fear to think of her,
and by we find all the things which Jonathan have note in that
and cheerfulness.  All the morbid reticence seems to have passed from
and creaking masts.
and dear to his heart and eye the morning can be.  When the sun grew
and death was made as little repulsive as might be.  The end of the
and death.  All chambers are alike to the doctor.  And even were they
and destroyed them.  It was possible, if not likely, the Professor
and did not contradict her, but gave me double share instead.  I got
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
and down the winding stair and along the dark passage to the old
and dreadful task.  When you have eaten you shall learn the rest, and
and ears and brain did not deceive him, and that it is all true.  It
and eaten together, and laughed and cried together, and
and energy are coming back to me.  I wonder where Mina is now, and Van
and fell with regular respiration.
and flows away in a fair-sized stream.  The house is very large and of
and for others, and the present will suffice."
and found that, by Lucy's discretion, her mother was lunching out,
and frustrate me in my design!  You know now, and they know in part
and gave him instructions that if there should be anything strange he
and gave it to Skinsky.  Skinsky took it, and here we lose the
and get back to normal conditions, as far as can be.  The rapidity of
and gruesome enough, but now, some days afterwards, when the flowers
and half disgust,
and half in amazement, he gazed at a tall, thin man, with a beaky nose
and has such adventures.  I sympathize with poor Desdemona when she
and he began to fear that he would lose the tide altogether.  He was
and he closed the door.  He then lit a dark lantern and pointed to a
and he continued, but it seemed as though his memory had gone on
and he had just started in the spider line also, so he had not been of
and he improves under strain that would kill a weaker nature.  He came
and he leaned out of the window and waved his hand, calling out, "Love
and he must not break down when most of all his strength will be
and he said he could not say.  That at first it had seemed to him as
and hear.
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
and hide.  I delayed this morning that so we might be sure.  Is there
and his action is based on selfishness, he confines himself to one
and his exclamation of horror, "Gott in Himmel!" needed no enforcement
and his face was sterner than ever.  Some change had come over her
and his iron face was drawn and ashen white.  I felt my knees begin to
and his!  Oh, guard him, and give me peace!"
and horrid position, with her mouth to the open wound in his breast.
and horses.  He says that he will later on try to buy additional
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and in a pause told him so.  He answered me in a way that I did not
and in order.  The Professor took away one copy to study after dinner,
and in our implied agreement with the old scytheman it is of the
and in the aperture of the broken panes there was the head
and in two places were steps leading to vaults, but the ground had
and inasmuch as you deal discreetly with your madmen, so deal with
and inky shadows and all the marvellous tints that come on foul clouds
and intrigued for them, and fought for them, hundreds of years before
and it has left me so weak that I cannot move.  What's wrong with my
and it seems to me that the simplest way is the best of all.  Now we
and it told on her more than before, for though plenty of blood went
and it was, and then the 'owling stopped.  Just before twelve
and join him.  He is evidently the Sir Oracle of them, and I should
and judge.  And then when I see you, perhaps, you will be very kind
and jump or fly on shore, then, unless he be carried he cannot escape.
and learn something of their life, and to fill our minds and memories
and left of us they towered, with the afternoon sun falling full upon
and leg and the whole side of his face are paralysed."  How such a
and lifting it high, struck, with the edge downward, at the hateful
and lips.  No man knows, till he experiences it, what it is to feel
and locked it, and bringing the dogs with us, began our search of the
and locked it.  He handed me the key, saying, "Will you keep it?  You
and locked, and I returned baffled to the porch.  As I did so, I heard
and look love, and the voluptuous mouth present to a kiss, and
and made my nerves tremble.  Still, it was better than living alone in
and make despair just when we want all her hope, all her courage, when
and mangled.  Without a word the Professor bent over the bed, his head
and manifestly had had a savage opponent, for its throat was torn
and master', and he may want to get out to help him in some diabolical
and means of my doom.  I was to be given to the wolves, and at my own
and medico-jurist as well as scientist, will deem it a moral duty to
and met mine and gripped it hard.  He did not, however, betray
and my door too.  You can lie on the sofa for I know that nothing
and myself in the same way.  For I was minded to jump from the caleche
and name is his own pride, that their glory is his glory, that their
and newspapers, though none of them were of very recent date.  The
and noble too, to a rival, wasn't it?  And he so sad, so I
and not to take her eyes off her till we returned, and then beckoned
and nothing could be done, so I went around to the back to see if
and of all those who have studied the powers of the UnDead.  When they
and opened it and found in the corridor without, Arthur and Quincey in
and other authority help him all they can.  And when that owner come
and other women that there is a heaven where we can enter, and that
and other wounds to be healed, and another health to be drunk.
and over again how Lucy had made such a retrograde movement, and how
and over the same ground again, and so I took note of some salient
and over the snow the light of the sun flow in big yellow flood,
and pain and waste.  But these were all dear to us, for they marked
and passing, like the gladness and sorrow of a man's life.  How sweet
and pen in my pocket I felt sleepy.  The Count's warning came into my
and perhaps I shall get some new light.  I am not sleepy, and the work
and perhaps some day this very script may be evidence to come between
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
and perpetual entity, and that by consuming a multitude of live
and pointed out certain contingencies that might leave her daughter
and purchase of Carfax, and I could not but feel that if I could find
and put out two fingers towards me, to keep off the evil eye.  I
and put up big notice.  And when the day come he sell off by a great
and quiet; but over his face, as the awful narrative went on, came a
and raising the heavy boxes to the cart they would have made
and read the letters and the dates of his outbursts, I should have
and reason so sound."
and remained silent.  I rejoiced, for I knew that what she could
and rest easy in mind that all that can be is.  I shall tell her all
and rolled up his shirtsleeve.
and romantic bits.  There is a legend that a white lady is seen in one
and round hats, and home-made trousers; but others were very
and run, whilst they reared again and plunged madly, so that the
and running strong, to sweep the outside edge of a river clear.
and rushed towards him with outstretched hands.
and rusty, dank iron, and tarnished brass, and clouded silver-plating
and said goodbye, and hobbled off.  It all touched me, and upset me
and said, "You need not trouble about the knives.  We shall not do
and second father.  Goodbye, all, and last of all Mina!
and seeing a natural hesitation amongst us for various reasons, solved
and sent invoice to Varna to deceive us lest we should ascertain
and shall think and write for you as I used to do.  Something is
and she said, "Then there is not a moment to lose.  It may not be yet
and showed me how to stop it in case I should want to pause.  Then he
and shuts.  I hear the creaking of lock and bolt.
and since then I learn much.  Now, since I know it is all true, a
and sixty-nine, and yet that poor Lucy, with four men's blood in her
and smells of horror which she might never forget.  One lesson, too,
and snow came closer, but keeping ever without the Holy
and so are Lord Godalming and Quincey.  Van Helsing sits in my study
and so brave!  And, too, it made me think of the wonderful power of
and so cannot leave the ship.  As he dare not change to man's form
and so even I can drive.  We shall get to the Pass in daylight.  We do
and so ventured to draw nearer to him, the more so as my men had now
and something raised a head, and from where I was I could see a white
and somewhat amused, for it is wonderful how small a matter will
and soon reach the Pass.  At this time and place, she become all
and spiders in the boxes before I could stop him.  It was quite
and spirit, and wept silently and weakly for a long time.  We told her
and spoke almost in the plural, like a king speaking.  I wish I could
and spurted up around it.  His face was set, and high duty seemed to
and sterilize them.  So we shall, if we have not yet catch him and
and stopped to look at the view, as we generally do.  The setting sun,
and strike us, with all the mysterious voices of the night around us,
and strolled about, keeping out of official observation, so that when
and strong, though not nearly so much so as the day before.  When Van
and sung and lived sweet lives whilst their gentle breasts were sad
and sunrise without our being warned, and we shall be safe.  Judge
and sunset, however, she is very wakeful and alert.  And it has become
and take something to eat, for Dr. Van Helsing and Dr. Seward are
and tell me what you think."
and terror and weakness, but the sound of the nightingale
and that both you and he were exhausted.  Now I know well that you
and that if a nurse through her vocation should hear them, she
and that same strange mixture of fear-meaning movements which I had
and that would make danger, oh, so much danger.  But I shall
and that's rarer than a lover, it's more selfish anyhow.  My dear,
and the Count stayed with me, chatting and asking questions on every
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.
and the Professor went on by explaining in a kindly way.
and the booming of the mighty billows came through the damp oblivion
and the corn reaped and be cut and sown and reaped and cut again, and
and the crash of weights being set down heavily, doubtless the boxes,
and the fox, and the wolf, he can grow and become small; and he can at
and the good forehead.  He was very cool outwardly, but was nervous
and the great body of holiday-makers laid out yesterday for visits
and the horses so far became quiet that the driver was able to descend
and the night guiding, for the fire was in the red eye, which at the
and the palms of her hands.  He said to me, "I can do this, all that
and the schooner, with all sails set, was rushing with such speed
and the sisters had left me alone with my husband--oh, Lucy, it is
and the stubble on the jaws was white.  It was evident that he was
and the thin man make him bow, and thank him, and say that he will so
and the various trips in the neighborhood of Whitby.  The steamers
and the wax had helped the flames."
and then I shall be able to speak.  Go quick, dearest, the time is
and then brought back to Tate Hill Pier and up the abbey steps,
and then the absolute freedom quickly follows.  When, however, the
and then to the castle, said something which I did not understand.
and then, and then in the morning are found dead men, white as even
and there is a drawn, haggard look under her eyes which I do not like.
and there was no need for tears in his eyes.  He said to me, "Remain
and there was nothing on him, nothing that anyone could understand.
and they all stopped, and I thought he seemed to be saying, 'All these
and they cut at him.  He had parried with his great bowie knife, and
and they had perforce to remain within it.  I called to the coachman
and think too, of how such a story might become distorted, nay,
and to act now would be to take danger from her forever.  But then we
and to be my jackals when I want to feed.  Bah!"
and to clog my very soul.  It may have been that the need
and to stamp him out.  I have clues which we can follow, but it is a
and to stand before them.
and told me all about Arthur.  I told her how anxious I was about
and too strangely for sound sleep for any of us these times.  I've
and tower in front.  We both seem in good spirits.  I think we make an
and try and join them through the main hall, as I thought that way
and turned away.
and turned away.
and turned it gently back, we both started at the beauty before us.
and turning to him said sweetly, but oh so sorrowfully, as she held
and twisted about and the cage empty.  And that's all I know for
and unexpectedly, and in such case you must lose no time in using your
and upholstery of the chairs and sofas and the hangings of my bed are
and very grave as he took both my hands in his and said he hoped I
and visible, lest he be discovered."
and walks away.  Old Bersicker kep' a-lookin' arter 'im till 'e was
and wanted to make a girl love me.  No, I don't, for there was Mr.
and was covered with dust.  I looked for the key, but it was not in
and was more than ever full of picturesque, when on questioning other
and was sleeping peacefully.  She did not stir again all night.
and was still thirsty.  Towards morning I slept and was wakened by the
and we all started as she said, sweetly and seemingly with the utmost
and we all went down the passage together.
and we appeared to fly along.  Then the mountains seemed to come
and we are free to use them.  We have self devotion in a cause and an
and we have decided that I am to lock the door of our room every
and we must go sure, if slow, and lose no chance.  See!  There are
and we shall act all the more free that you are not in the danger,
and we telegraphed for him.  Quincey went off to meet him at the
and weary, and I need rest, rest, rest.  Happily Van Helsing has not
and weep, as I think of them placid each in her full sleep of
and well I knew that at sunset the Thing, which was till then
and well, and is getting back some of her colour, Van Helsing and I are
and went early to bed.  I saw her asleep, and went out for a little
and went on to ask if there would be any practical difficulty in having
and went on.
and went on.
and went.  Happy thought!  We shall tonight play sane wits against mad
and west were surely never meant to be left out of his diabolical
and when the snow melts, the horsemen may not have met much
and when we hear of the Czarina Catherine we shall be ready.  As she
and where and when.  I implore your pardon, Madam.  I have read
and where wild flowers grow of their own accord.
and with all seriousness.  "What will each of you give?  Your lives I
and with him I went into plans and deeds and figures of all sorts.  He
and with one foot abaft the krok-hooal, don't altogether like to think
and with seemingly a great gap between it and the steep of the
and wonderin'.  Maybe it's in that wind out over the sea that's
and you must need to eat and rest."  As he was speaking, he put the lamp
and, with his face almost touching Lucy's, examined her carefully.  He
anger, may deny it to me!  Oh, my husband!  My husband, indeed I would
angrily against the window panes.
angry with him.  When he did slide in through the window, though it
anguish that not even hope could soften.
animal.  To the general disappointment, however, it was not to be
animation, with the red scar on her forehead, of which she was
announced "Dr. Van Helsing".
annoying, for I do not see how I am to shave, unless in my watch-case
another account.  He says the amount of responsibility which it
another dog, and then another and another, till, borne on the wind
another operation of transfusion of blood.  I had long ago recognized
another phase of his madness, and so determined to let him go on a
another reason.  Renfield might not speak so freely before a third
another six which he deposited at Jamaica Lane, Bermondsey.  If then
another straight road.  It seemed to me that we were simply going over
another that I was starting on the next morning from the time of the
another transfusion of blood, and that soon, or that poor girl's life
another!  My gog, but it'll be a quare scowderment at the Day of
another's wounds after trying a landing at the Marquesas, and drunk
another.  If I do, or if I even open this again, it will be to deal
answer he nodded his head.  One of the women jumped forward and opened
answer the call.  I was becoming hypnotised!
answer this, as I shall take it that, if I do not hear, you will
answer.  I cursed the laziness of the servants that they should lie
answer.  I was afraid to wake mother, and so closed my door
answered from behind Dr. Seward's house by the yelping of dogs, and
answered the Count's salutation, I turned to the glass again to see
answered.
answered.
answered.
antagonism in me, for he at once fell back on the last refuge of such
anxiety and pinched or pricked her with it, for by-and-by, when her
anxiety may lead to a good end.  I used to think I would like to
anxiety of late that I feel I cannot bear more just at present.
anxiety, but as there must be a cause somewhere, I have come to the
anxiety.  I kept thinking over everything that has been ever since
anxiety.  It was as though my memories of all Jonathan's horrid
anxious.  I have no doubt she guesses, if she does not know, what
any cause for it, for the howling of the wolves had ceased altogether.
any cause for restlessness, or if there be, she does not understand it
any chance of danger, more than need be, but we are in God's hands.
any chance of our being cold.
any delays possible through any routine requirements as to payment
any kind, but only the solid walls of the passage, there could be no
any luggage aboord the ship, I'm thinkin' it was nane ither than that
any malady that I know of.  At the same time, I am not by any means
any of us, why not go there more soon?  It is as long to wait here as
any other part of the castle.  It is old, and has many memories, and
any policeman that may come along.  You had better go with Jack and
any rate it was only death and freedom beyond.  So did I choose
any result, and we are in great hopes that his clue may be an
any seeming change, he brought the conversation gently round
any sound, I came out and went up the stone stair to where I could
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
any trouble to me.  I had a letter from Arthur, written on Sunday, and
any trouble tonight.
any waterway was chosen for the Count's escape back to his Castle, the
any, disappears, and she yields herself almost exactly to the routine
anybody.
anyhow he ain't like to be in a way to tell ye much tonight.  Sam is a
anyhow, like the pictures we see of Nuremberg.  Right over the town is
anything about the empty house.  One of them said that he heard it had
anything could be gathered from this quarter.  The mews were active,
anything for a long time.  I hear rumours, and especially
anything from him, I still keep my journal as usual.  Then if he has
anything from me!  And now I am crying like a silly fool, when I know
anything had happened.  I tried to keep her amused and interested.
anything that has happened to him for a long time past.  At least,
anything through the darkness.
anything to help pass the time.  Harker is out, following up clues,
anything!
anything, larger than before, and the edges of them are faintly white.
anything.
anything.  At last her answer came.
anywhere, or heard a sound near the castle except the howling of
anywhere.  He had arranged before leaving London that his agent should
anywhere."
apologetically, "Forgive me, Doctor.  I forgot myself.  You do not
apology, though he made no disguise of his emotion.  He told me that
appalling to see.  Last night he was a frank, happy-looking man, with
apparent, for Mrs. Harker's hypnotic report at sunrise was still the
appealing than ever.
appealingly to us all in turn, beginning and ending with her husband.
appeared as a drag or a hindrance to their work, they might even leave
appeared to be improving very rapidly, that I would have a longer chat
appeased it, I could not waken her, even for food.  I began to
appliances of various kinds that can be had.  Professor Van Helsing
appositeness, so I had to ask a simple question, though I felt that by
approach us with offers to donate.
approach.  You are safe for tonight, and we must be calm and take
apt to distort causes and effects.  Since I myself have been an inmate
aquiline nose opened wide and quivered at the edge, and the white
are God's, and you can give them back to Him, but what will you give
are Jack's friend, and you were hers.  You shall do what you like."
are as follows:  Jack Smollet, of Dudding's Rents, King George's
are but mortal woman.  Time is now to be dreaded, since once he put
are cool, and then when he wanted to appear at ease he kept playing
are darknesses in life, and there are lights.  You are one of the
are determined, nay, are we not pledged, to destroy this monster?  But
are dragged along.  What is this?  There is a gleam of light.  I can
are elements which rest, yet when in nature's course they move on
are face to face with duty, and in such case must we shrink?  For me,
are for him at command; he is brute, and more than brute; he is devil
are going to be so good to me to take me with you.  I know that all
are hard at it.  Mrs. Harker says that they are knitting together in
are locked, where of course you will not wish to go.  There is reason
are men and are able to bear, but you must be our star and our hope,
are no relations at all, Jonathan will have to be chief mourner.
are not your ways, and there shall be to you many strange things.  Nay,
are opened, and that to you the lightning flash show all the leagues,"
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
are so many things which may happen, and their ways and their ends are
are still aglow with the rays streaming above the horizon.  At first
are things which so afflict him that he has no power, as the garlic
are tired.
are to get a carriage to drive to the Borgo Pass.  We are bringing a
are today.  However, we must trust and hope.  Poor Mina told me just
are truly in the hands of God.  He alone knows what may be, and I pray
are we going to get into that house?"
are with this, the diaries of Harker and the rest, and read
are you?" I asked.
are.  Here am I, who shall be twenty in September, and yet I never
area below.  Through the sound of the shivering glass I could hear the
argue of which I was even at the moment ashamed, I said, "She may have
arguing with him.  I thought I had best meet him on his own ground, so
argument with him today and his resumption of fly-catching, it might
arm, and drew him away.
arm.  He stopped to talk with me, as he always does, but all the time
armed, in all ways.  And when the time for the end has come, our
arms are hungry for you.  Come, and we can rest together.  Come, my
arms stretched out, as though to embrace him.  Instantly, however, she
arms were round me, and he was kissing me.  I am very, very
arms.
around her.  The captain swore polyglot, very polyglot, polyglot with
around my house of late that I could do without any more.  I have been
aroused.  But even if it were not, we should stand or fall by our act,
arrange for her going back to Exeter.  I think she would be happier in
arranged the phonograph so that I could touch it without getting up,
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
arrested by some irresistible force.  Then she turned, and her face
arrival, on land, at Galatz.
arrive here, see it is twenty minutes past one, and there are yet some
arrive some time in the morning, but as she cannot possibly get in
arrived late and would start as near the correct time as possible.
arrived there in the morning I was able to ask him about the arrival
arrived.  How is she?  Are we too late?  Did you not get my telegram?"
arrives for me every day from Haarlem.  Tonight Dr. Van Helsing is
arrives, and able to make such preparations as may be necessary.  Of
arter dark."
as I can remember, since last I made an entry.  Not a detail that I
as I had not slept well the night before.  He very kindly made me up a
as I heard you talking, and thought there was someone with you."
as I know from Mr. Jonathan and from the way that all along he
as I passed through, noticed that the table had been cleared and the
as a political fable.  What shall any man say of his pleasure at
as a privilege to the one best entitled to it, but Lucy as we had seen
as any other transaction of life.
as bending over, she kissed his hand.
as brave a face as could, but I was sick with apprehension.  The
as does that of all evil things, at the coming of the day.
as ever from a solution now.  The way the others received it, too
as fair as they are.  And women, I am afraid, are not always quite
as fair as they should be.
as hard as they can."
as he came.
as he did so, 'First, a little refreshment to reward my exertions.
as he spoke, "There is no time to lose.  His words may be worth many
as he, a dogged silence.  After a short time I saw that for the
as his all-embracing sympathy.  I tell you these facts that you may
as if for their lives.  Those who were unmounted jumped upon the
as if they two had been really married, and that she was his wife in
as little rude as might be.
as marble, and his eyebrows converged till they almost touched over his
as need be, or to fight with lethal weapons.  But I can be of other
as of old.  The flies, lethargic with the autumn, were beginning to
as of one who has had a doubt solved.  He handed me the paper saying
as of rage flit like a shadow over her face.  The sharp teeth clamped
as of the work of their life.  See you now, friend John?  I have sown
as of wood on wood."  She paused, and the red sun shot up.  We must
as pale as snow, "My true friend, from the bottom of my broken heart I
as quickly as we could.  All fell out well.  At the edge of Hampstead
as she clasped her husband closer to her and bent her head lower and
as she had much to say.  So here I am finishing my entry in my
as she pointed to the bag which he had thrown upon the floor, and
as she spoke.
as she thought it better that we should be free to discuss our
as simple fact. There is throughout no statement of past things wherein
as steel.
as suddenly grew calm.  I looked round instinctively, but could see
as that of today.  What is here told," he laid his hand heavily and
as that to the attendant.  In his sublime self-feeling the difference
as the cloud passed I could see the ruins of the abbey coming into
as the flies and spiders.  So I said I would see about it, and asked
as the stake drove home, the plunging of writhing form, and lips
as there are here, steep little closes, or 'wynds', as they call them
as they realized the terrible danger in which she now was.
as they went by me into the mass of gloom beyond.  More and more they
as though he would crush it by main strength.  One thing he said which
as though she would detain me, but there was much to be talked of and
as though the passion in him were shriveling his being to its core.
as though they had been rabbit hunting in a summer wood.
as though they refresh themselves when his special pabulum is plenty.
as though they were following in a moving circle.
as though to cleanse them from pollution.
as to any meaning about anything."
as to consuming live things.  He said to Madam Mina, as I see in your
as was expected.  A thin mist began to creep up from the river, and it
as we ascended through the Pass, the dark firs stood out here and
as we could see, tightened upon her.  "In the morning we go out upon
as we know him.  Who can flourish in the midst of diseases that kill
as we should know that they will be.  Transcendentalism is a beacon to
as well alone as with any one present."
as well as I could, that I had read all the papers and diaries, and
as well as I do, that my soul is at stake.  And though I know there is
as when he wanted a cat, and I was prepared to see the collapse into
as yet a child-brain.  For had he dared, at the first, to attempt
as, shaking his head with a decision which I had but seldom seen in
ashen gray.  He had been able to retain his self-command whilst the
ashes.  The cylinders of your phonograph too were thrown on the fire,
aside the blind, looked out.  It was brilliant moonlight, and the soft
ask him about Jonathan.  And then, please God, all this sorrow and
ask, or you to act.  You are to come to lunch at Hillingham
asked each passenger, no one would give me the slightest explanation.
asked her to send me her maid, that I may ask just one or two
asked him of some of the strange things of the preceding night, as for
asked him why he wanted to go, he said he wanted to play with the
asked them what they had seen or done.  To which Lord Godalming
asked what he meant by that, for he was very serious.  This was when
asked who had purchased it, he opened his eyes a thought wider, and
asked, "But why?"
asleep or awake, mad or sane . . ."  There seems to be through it all
asleep, but she was simply too weak to make the effort.  Her eyes
asleep.
asleep.  I could not say which, for eyes were open and stony, but
assent, and he went on, "Then it were, I think, good that I tell you
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
assumption that all the poor people, or their spirits, will have to
assure you, take it from me that they are good ones, sound and
assured me with so much impressiveness that he would countermand the
astonishing vitality in a man of his years.  For the rest, his ears
astonishment, quite composed and most genial in his manner.  I
at 'im for wantin' to get out nor any other animile in the
at 7:30 I had to sit in the carriage for more than an hour before we
at Bistritz and on the coach had some terrible fear for me?  What
at Carfax when we first enter the Count's house.  I am amaze, and
at Kingstead."
at Miss Lucy's."
at Poplar at five o'clock that morning.  He could not tell me where
at Robin Hood's Bay in a sweet little old-fashioned inn, with a bow
at all at close quarters, and when I had seen him he was either in the
at all, simply refused to speak further.  It was so near the time of
at eight o'clock.  It was a lovely morning.  The bright sunshine and
at exact sunrise or sunset.  These things we are told, and in this
at first I thought that he too had come through in safety.  But as he
at first quietly.  As he went on, however, he grew more angry and more
at her, and saw that she was in a half dreamy state, with an odd look
at his father's funeral, we were unable to notify any one who should
at home they did not get six at least.  Some girls are so vain!  You
at it I found in certain places little rings marked, and on examining
at its sternest.  Then he turned to me and said calmly, "She is
at last we were somewhat surprised when we met even the patrol of
at least he feared it.
at least so I thought, but I must have fallen asleep, for except
at me, and some of the people who were sitting on the bench outside
at movement.  Then will come our time.  I have thought and thought,
at night, have been slightly torn or wounded in the throat.
at once on board the Czarina Catherine, which lay at anchor out in the
at once took advantage of her reaction to make a diagnosis.
at once.  I want him without an instant's delay."
at once.  Later on in the day she told me the cause.  She is grieved to
at once."
at our control, and secondly, because, after all these things,
at present from your loving,
at present is luring each other away by wiles.  A correspondent
at seeing Jonathan in such danger, but that the ardor of battle must
at the Stores, so that I may not alarm her mother by too early a
at the abbey he said very brusquely,
at the door, and shook it till, massive as it was, it rattled in its
at the door.  It was immediately opened by Quincey Morris, beside whom
at the head of each pair a Slovak, with his wide hat, great
at the last turn my brain.
at the last.  And again that it is your right to destroy him.  That,
at the time that it was the softness of the red sunset on her face,
at the time, however.
at times her eyes are more hard.  But these are not all, there is to
at which the Professor interrupted me.
at which time we might learn more from Mrs. Harker.
attached, do not seem to reach her.  It is something like the way dame
attack.  I have myself, since you came down, prepared your chamber by
attempted to make a spring at her.
attempting a bluff, he is about the sanest lunatic I ever saw.  I'm
attempts and discoveries of the day.  Harker was the only one who had
attend on her.  It's not too much to say that she will do credit to
attendant knew the symptoms, and at once summoned aid.  Fortunately
attendant was entering the room to inspect.  Then he dashed out past
attendants come to know so well.  He became quite quiet, and went and
attended Lucy might have something to add to the sum of our knowledge
attended poor dear Lucy in her last illness, he can tell me all about
attending to some of the other patients who were frightened by him.
attention to a sudden show of 'mares tails' high in the sky to the
attention to it.  I am sure that there is something on her mind which
attention was concentrated on the Professor.  Taking from his box a
attention.  Jonathan's impetuosity, and the manifest singleness of his
attic, we came to the conclusion that the dining room contained any
attitude, tied to the wheel with a crucifix and beads, the touching
auctioneer all the goods of that other man who own them.  Then he go
aught.  At first I inclined to slack off sail and beat about till the
authority to make a search of the ship just as it was here.  Quincey
autumn air in the bright sunlight.
available.  Let me see to your comfort myself."  He insisted on carrying
avenue.  When he saw me, he gasped out, "Then it was you, and just
avoid the following of its curves.  They have, for the first stages,
awake I must have noticed the approach of such a remarkable place.  In
awake and more charming than ever, sit comfortable amid her rugs.
awake, and look so well as I never saw her since that night
awake, so I thought I would press him hard.
awaken him, for there is work to be done."
away from it.  I know pretty well the direction and distance of the
away from the river with their leiter wagon.  They surrounded it in a
away in a few hours.  By the side of the box was its cover, pierced
away of one's blood, no matter how willingly it be given, is a
away on the word, leaving me with a new mystery to think of, a new
away quietly, and he, holding my arm, came easily.  We walked a little
away, and its belly was slit open as if with a savage claw.
away, and some of the graves have been destroyed.
away, and watched him go to his room and close the door.  As I stood
away, and we were near the top of a steep rising hill, on summit
away.
away.  There were a few feathers about the room and on his pillow a
awful strain on him, and had he not been forced to his task by more
awful though it be to contemplate.  "Euthanasia" is an excellent and a
awhile, then have much breakfast and come here to me."
back Mr. Swales went on,
back and arms.  In any case I could not mistake the hands which I had
back as soon as possible.  And then we may begin."
back from his holiday in Switzerland he find only an empty hole where
back full of life and hope and determination.  We have got everything
back of the house.  But the mews was deserted and no one had seen him
back the clothes from my face, and found, to my surprise, that all was
back the dead lips and showed the white teeth.  "See," he went on,
back to bed again, but determined not to go to sleep.  Presently
back to bed.  It is all right.  One of us will be here all night.  We
back to his castle by water, as the most safe and secret
back to his usual placidity.  However, thank God, these
back to the room, and taking a lamp, tried all the doors.  They were
back to what he had denied.  "So you don't care about life and you
back, sat down in her place.  Then, looking at me with open
back.  I called them, but got no answer, so I went to the dining
back.  She ought not to have much inclination for sleep-walking then.
bad enough to lose, and if they delayed they would sacrifice Miss
bad thing if we were to be married out there.  I have cried over the
bade God bless me.  Some way it affected me much.  I am crying when I
badinage with the worthy Thomas, but I thought I knew a surer way to
bag a mass of what looked like thin, wafer-like biscuit, which was
bag, and together we went up to Lucy's room.
bag.  We opened the door, and went out.  Behind us he closed the door
balm-bowl be like the sea, if only it be their own.  The whole thing
bankers, Buda Pesth.  The second and fourth were unsealed.  I was just
banks of sand, with rocks here and there.  Outside the harbour on this
banqueted heavily, and will sleep late?"
bargaining he told us what he knew.  This turned out to be simple but
barking.  I wouldn't ask him to come in at first, though I knew he
barred with iron.  It looks like part of a keep, and is close to an
battle is but begun and in the end we shall win.  So sure as that God
battles, he spoke as if he had been present at them all.  This he
be a hard task, after all, for she herself has become reticent on the
be a sweet thought to all or some of us.  You, my dearest, will I hope
be and awful in its consequences, to know for certain that his eyes
be answered from far and wide by the howling of wolves.  Before many
be as free as possible, and began to read.  I put the forked metal to
be at the hand of him that loves me best.  Dr. Van Helsing, I have not
be aud, and a hundred years is too much for any man to expect.  And
be bound or even fused up with fire, solder you call it.  He can see
be cheerful.  I wonder if I could sleep in mother's room tonight.  I
be definitely settled.  That we should all sleep on the facts, and try
be done if there were only a sufficient cause.  Men sneered at
be done were we indeed owners of the house."
be doubled, did she but hear your wild words.  Do not fear any of us,
be good, but I had yet to learn . . ."  He finished his speech with a
be guided aright, and that He will deign to watch over my husband and
be haped here, snod an' snog?"  I assented again.  "Then that be just
be here in this spot.  I don't know why, for I was afraid of something,
be if I did not care for him, but when he saw me cry he said he was
be in the box, would destroy him.
be in the house.
be injured in permanence by a shock.  His brain and his
be kept from her.  She herself agreed as to its wisdom, and it was
be like a distant gun.  Strangely enough, Lucy did not wake, but she
be more eager for its fulfillment even than I am, then, I shall do my
be most convenient."
be neglect and light snow have fallen, the horses know and
be not of man stature as to brain.  He be of child brain in much.  Now
be of some effect.  Lucy's heart beat a trifle more audibly to the
be only lies.  Now look you here.  You come here a stranger, an' you
be patient in all things that are reasonable, but in this, this
be place.  But the captain like it not and swear at him in many
be ready at all points."
be sad in the foes that beset her, is at least happy in the friends
be so!  Oh, my God!  My God!  If only I knew!  If only I knew!"  He was
be that as ever is in God's Providence, the very thing that the evil
be that it was frightened and made its way on to the moors, where it
be the one which would destroy the . . . the . . . Vampire.  (Why did
be the place chosen for crossing the country between the river and the
be to post them on affairs right up to date.  I knew from Dr. Seward's
be troubled or worried with it at all.  If ever Jonathan quite gets
be well.  As for me, I shall spend the night here in this churchyard
be well."
be wise to have more than one solicitor engaged in one transaction, as
be with you as soon as possible after arrival.
be!"  He paused a moment and went on solemnly, "Friend John, there are
be, God knows, required today.  I must keep writing at every chance,
be, I shall send you word to come at once to Lucy, so do not be
be, so that I might have called him.  I tried to sleep, but I
be.  Forgive me that I make you so much pain, but it is necessary.  My
be.  I could see that the Professor had carried out in this room, as
be.  The box we seek is to be landed in Varna, and to be given to an
bear up, and imagination must not run riot with me.  If it does I am
bearable.
beast, I could not tell.
beat her breast, and abandoned herself to all the violences of
beat his palms together in a helpless way.  Finally he sat down on a
beaten back, came again, and again, and again, though he had to come
beating heart, I tried the door, but I was locked in my prison, and
beating his own head on the floor.  I saw a young woman do it once at
beauties of all imaginable kinds, and the people are brave, and
beautiful colours, but had not yet begun to drop from the trees.  When
beautiful hair over her face, as the leper of old his mantle, she
beautifully wrought that it must be of immense value.  The curtains
beauty and the fascination of the wanton Undead have hypnotize
beauty of every kind.  Sometimes we saw little towns or castles on the
became at once apparent that he had received some terrible injuries.
became less and less frenzied, and just as it dipped he slid from the
because it is all sweet to me, but because you have been, and are,
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
because those that they loved implored them to slay them.  It is men's
become foul things of the night like him, without heart or conscience,
become softened and even resolved into their youthful beauty, that
become such, there comes with the change the curse of immortality.
become woven into their fears for me.  Tonight I shall strive hard to
bed . . .
bed all the time I remained with him.
bed, said cheerily, "Now, little miss, here is your medicine.  Drink
bed.  It is a very strange thing, this sleep-walking, for as soon as
bed.  Then he took from his neck, inside his collar, a little gold
bed.  This time he did not start as he looked on the poor face with
bedroom.
beef, seasoned with red pepper, and strung on sticks, and roasted over
been able to get admission to it, so I led the way, and after a few
been ascertained for me.  So we then can discuss how we shall act, and
been avoided.
been for days.  At sunset she made the usual hypnotic report.
been for many a long day.
been free . . .
been nerved by thoughts of other dead, and of the living
been no more thirsty.  They say much of blood and bloom, and of others
been noticed in other cases.  It was terribly weak, and
been of late!"
been only one.  He could swear to it, if required, that the word "God"
been placed here since last night."
been prepared to sign for him after a brief time of observation.  As
been put in order after the winter snows.  In this respect it is
been put on board by a queer lookin' old man just before we had
been right, for I feel comfort from them already.  Somehow, I do not
been sent in a letter, and that was all he knew.  When I asked him if
been the one to arrange the plan of action, and Arthur and I had been
been the paprika, for I had to drink up all the water in my carafe,
been there.  I drew back behind the stonework, and looked carefully
been thinking that tomorrow night will not see things as they have
been treated at her decease as under intestacy.  In which case Lord
been very sick and has disgorged a whole lot of feathers.  "My belief
been volcanoes, some of whose openings still send out waters of
been.  We'll have to look back, and forward a little more than we have
been."  He paused embarrassed.
befall, you shall not sleep easy hereafter!"
before I die.  Or before my poor crushed brain dies anyhow.  Thank
before I knew what I was doing, I found myself opening the sash and
before I knew what he was going to do, put it in his mouth and ate it.
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
before her face, and shuddered till the bed beneath her shook.
before her face, and shuddered whilst she moaned.  Van Helsing had not
before him so fast that before he had shaken the life out of a score,
before leaving London I got word that my examination was successful,
before me was a child, only a child, though the features were worn,
before noon, we are all about to retire early.  We shall get up at one
before proposing or accepting.  But I suppose the 'New Woman' won't
before the blast, now and again the white wings of a storm-tossed
before the transfusion.
before the turn of the tide, with blood.  Then the thin man smile and
before things go too far.  Our task is now in reality more difficult
before us to rid the earth of this terrible monster we must have all
before us.  I could do nothing, however, so I plucked up what heart I
before we condemn any one for the vice of egoism, for there may be
before we started.  They are to keep up the right bank, far enough off
before, came a group of mounted men hurrying along.  In the midst of
before, so that when Arthur came such shocks to his feelings as we
before.  Again I awoke in the night, and found Lucy sitting up in bed,
before?"
beforehand that Mr. Morris doesn't always speak slang, that is to
began to die, and I was about stepping forth to replenish
began to grow anxious, for the loss of blood was telling on Arthur,
began to melt away and crumble into its native dust, as though
began to move.
began to wheel and circle round, till I could get as though a
began, to lead him to his favourite topic.  I was again astonished,
begin to inquire somewhere, and there was none to ask.  I know that
begin to sharpen there is no active danger of a change in her.  If
begin twice more after I had been through a deed of horror.
beginning to redden over the Yorkshire wolds.
begun.  It was to be taken as gravely, and in as businesslike a way,
behalf, it was understood that my needs only were to be consulted.  I
behaved much as a rat does in a trap.  When, however, the conviction
behind him, I leaned over and looked at the letters, which were face
behind or pause from any fear.  I do but say what we may do . . . what
behind the great door, and saw through the chinks the gleam of a
behind the jagged crest of a beetling, pine-clad rock, and by its
behind this instinct it will be valuable to trace it afterwards
behind us, the shadows of the evening began to creep round us.  This
being I was helping to transfer to London, where, perhaps, for
being all blotted.  Being proposed to is all very nice and all that
being as if lapped in a storm of fury.  As my eyes opened
being from what she had been before the operation.  Her spirits even
being jealous about Jonathan!  And yet, my dear, let me whisper, I
being kept out of this dreadful business.  I must be firm, for on me
being only lit by loopholes in the heavy masonry.  At the bottom there
being safe, careless of all.  So his own selfishness frees my soul
being stronger, have yet more power to work evil.  This vampire which
being wrought out.  Jonathan and I have been working day and night
belief in a Winchester when there is any trouble of that sort around.
belief in himself.  But it is here that the grave shock that he
belief that every one had gone, had locked the gate, we had the place
beliefs, which think themselves new, and which are yet but the old,
believe against ourselves that things will be as they ought to be, not
believe in my heart of hearts that he suffered as much about Lucy's
believe me that, though I am not ungrateful now, my gratitude will
believe my eyes that I was looking at a corpse.
believe she has turned the corner, and that we are over her troubles
believe they went to the trouble of putting an extra amount of garlic
bell or knocker there was no sign.  Through these frowning walls and
bell was tolling.  The dogs all round the neighbourhood were
belly-timber sairly by the clock."
belonging to a coal merchant close to Tate Hill Pier, was found dead
below me.  Round the rock he had drawn a circle, such as we had found
below they had found Renfield lying on the floor, all in a heap.  His
belt of trees I saw a white figure scale the high wall which separates
beneficent purpose, by the side glances which he threw from time to
beneficient moods has ordained that even death has some antidote to
bent over to examine it, and recoiled at once as though under some
beside him.  We all watched in patience.
beside the fire, and I tell her to sleep while I watch.  But
besides, she is young woman and not so long married, there may be
best right to give her peace.  If that time shall come again, I look
best to be done.  I am thinking still, and as yet have come to no
bestrewed the trees, produced a peculiarly weird and solemn effect,
better fellow and humble servant to us.  He come with us, and ask many
better let me copy it out for you on my typewriter."
better not to keep her mind on the subject, so we drifted on to another
better than in the morning.  It was a shock to me to turn from the
better than me, better than my friend John."  Arthur looked bewildered,
better the next day."  Whilst he was speaking the horses began to
better.  I have not faltered in giving every thought of my own heart
better.  I shall look up Thomas Snelling today.
between God and man."
between myself and the attendant seemed to him as nothing.  It looks
between sleeping and waking.  Whilst asleep she looked stronger,
between ten and eleven o'clock last night.  We were at a standstill
between the lifted crucifix and the sacred closing of her means of
between them.  I took off my boots, and ventured out on the desperate
between two people who are both so dear to you.  I know your idea of
between you and death.  You must not die.  You must not die by any
between, and the red eyes that I had seemed to see in the sunset on
bewildered that I did not know what to say more.  Van Helsing put out
beyond compare, and a heart that knew no fear and no remorse.  He
beyond opened and shut.  The first of us to speak was the Professor.
beyond the dark trees in His house.  He beckoned me to the window.  I
beyond the forest.'  That mighty brain and that iron resolution went
bicyclists and others who were genially noisy.  About ten o'clock we
bidding as that other through stripes and shame.  Through tears and
bier-bank, read it!"
big or little, could not have landed Mina or me anywhere worse than we
big, grim-looking waves, that seemed dark themselves because the foam
bigger than it really is.  I have not yet been able to see it by
bit.  There is, however, one good thing which has arisen from it.
bite of some animal, perhaps a rat, but for his own part, he was
bitter truth in anything holy or emotional, would have been melted to
bitter waters to reach the sweet.  He, poor fellow, must have one hour
black darkness.  The last conscious effort which imagination made was
black mass of Kettleness, standing boldly athwart the western sky,
black velvet band which she seems always to wear round her throat,
black with time, and from the iron the paint had mostly scaled away.
black.  I knew him at once from the description of the others.  The
blackest things that the world or the nether world holds!"
blackness, in all sorts of shapes, as well outlined as colossal
blazed with unholy light, and the face became wreathed with a
blazing red with passion.  But the Count!  Never did I imagine such
bless yer, sir, I wouldn't mind what was said to me in a bloomin'
blinding rush of driving snow, and the whole landscape was blotted
blinds lest any one should see us and misjudge.  And then he cried,
bloated with some carrion food, buzzed into the room, he caught it,
blood of many brave races who fought as the lion fights, for lordship.
blood of the living.  Even more, we have seen amongst us that he can
blood so pure that we need not defibrinate it."
blood was spurting through his fingers.  He did not delay
blood where her lips had touched, and where the thin open wound in the
blood which he give you makes you free to go to him in spirit, as you
blood which the girl must have lost to leave such a pallor as she had
blood, as he is the more young and strong than me."--Here Arthur took
blood, in his ship, with blood on her also.  And so, after asking
blood-stained and fixed with a grin of malice which would have held
blood-stained mouth grew to an open square, as in the passion masks of
blood.  I must go at once . . .
blood.  Through doubts and fear, and all that makes the difference
bloom and blood, but he could do nothing.  The water rose and rose,
blowed fust 'fore I'd answer.  Not even when you arsked me sarcastic
blowing from its present quarter, it would be quite impossible that
blue flame, then his operating knives, which he placed to hand, and
blue flames.  He then explained to me that it was commonly believed
blunt-clawed feet as they leaped, came in through the opening door.  I
blushes, her ill-spelt love letter, and writing in my diary in
board a ship, and he leave the land.  He think to escape, but no!  We
boat, big and little.  Early this morning, one crew took us for a
boat, so she must have passed there in the night.  I am feeling very
body and soul, and we must not tell her, we must not even warn her, or
body were rusty.
body which marks even lethargic sanity.  As the face was exposed I
body, or only a demon in her shape?"
body.  Death had given back part of her beauty, for her brow and
bogles an' all anent them is only fit to set bairns an' dizzy women
boiler fires were still alive, and there was no lack of hot water.  We
bolt of the lock had not been shot, but the door is fastened from the
bolted the stable door, and by the time they had forced it open there
book and letter book, and at once telephoned to their King's Cross
book under his pillow, and kissed him.  I have asked Sister Agatha
book was ever more full than the rest.  And I trust that good habit
book.  I shall try to do what I see lady journalists do,
books and figures, and of which there can be no doubt.  I must not
books were of the most varied kind, history, geography, politics,
books, which, through press of other work and the many visits to Lucy,
books, whole shelves full of them, and bound volumes of magazines and
bore on their whiteness the red mark of the Count's terrible grip, and
bore revolver.  Jonathan would not be happy unless I was armed like
bosom.  Her white nightdress was smeared with blood, and a thin stream
both Arthur and Quincey was to cause them a sort of consternation.
both Van Helsing and I feared that the end was near.  He covered his
both actions many times.
both come to so love him that it really seems as though we
both in waking, from her nerves, and in sleep, from her dreams.  And,
both leave evidence that I have been seen in the towns or villages
both swear to leave you at home if you drink too deep to a certain
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
bow throws back the foam."
bowed and said, "The Herr Englishman?"
bowed gravely.
box I shall open it and destroy the monster, though there were a
box, and . . . and all will be well."
box, and flung it over the wheel to the ground.  In the meantime, Mr.
box, floating on the running stream whence he cannot escape to land,
box, met Skinsky and instructed him what to do as to arranging
boxed up and at our mercy.  For he dare not be his true self, awake
boxes of earth.  Eight boxes only out of the nine which we sought!
boxes, "main heavy ones," with a horse and cart hired by him for this
boxes.  If we find them all in that house, then our work is near the
boxes.  There were, he said, six in the cartload which he took from
boy does when his face is being soaped.  There was something pathetic
boy.  He saw me at once, and rushed up to me, saying, "Ah, friend
boyar, and call themselves by his name.  They are fearless and without
brain if he were to try to recall it.  Sister Agatha, who is a good
brain just as the cloudy column was now whirling in the room, and
brain knowledge would be as nothing.  If only there were a sufficient
brain was beginning to feel that numbness which marks cerebral
brain, how you accept hypnotism and reject the thought reading.  Let
brain?
branch of the wild rose on it.  This we shall fasten, for when it is
brandy, as on another occasion, on her lips and gums and on her wrists
brandy, it is in my study, quick!"  He flew and returned with a glass,
bravery and unselfishness.  When she saw our faces, her own became as
break it in."
break the sunshine of your life, but if it should ever come, promise
breakfast room, where the blinds were not drawn down, and which was a
breakfast.  Arthur's father is better, and wants the marriage to come
breaking the lumps.  To me, a doctor's preparations for work of any
breaking to you, for I know you have loved that so sweet lady.  But
breaking, "I loved dear Lucy, and I know what she was to you, and what
breast, and for all, and above all at the last, this, which we must
breast.  When she raised it, his white nightrobe was stained with
breath and with it had given a scream so wild, so ear-piercing, so
breath on my neck.  Then the skin of my throat began to tingle as
breath was rank, but a horrible feeling of nausea came over me, which,
breath which is one of Van Helsing's ways of betraying emotion.  He
breath.  As I came close, she put up her hand in her sleep and pulled
breathe, and his whole body appears in collapse.  His brows are knit.
breathes cold through the broken battlements and casements.  I love
breathing became quieter, she put her hand to her throat again and
breathing came in uncertain gasps.  Each instant he seemed as though
breathing continued to be stertorous.  Then there came a breath so
breeze.'
bribery can do anything, and we are well supplied with money.  We have
bright moonlight, so bright that, though the front of our part of the
bright voluptuousness of much sunshine and sparkling waters which
bring to you a time when you need a man's help, believe me, you will
bringin' with it loss and wreck, and sore distress, and sad hearts.
brings in the flies by tempting them with his food.
broke from all as their eyes followed the pointing of his finger.
broken down even his iron strength.  All the time of the burial he
broken though I should go down on my knees and implore you with bitter
broken window, and wheeling and circling round like the pillar of
broken.
brooding.  When I came in he threw himself on his knees before me and
brought back all poor dear Lucy's hopes of only a few months ago.  Of
brought back the phonograph from my room, and I took a chair, and
brought supply of wood with us, and she prepare food while I undo
brought the clegs and the dowps to him.  That's the way he fell off
brown where grass and rock mingled, and an endless perspective of
browns, when the spider and the beetle had resumed their accustomed
brush, a brush and comb, and a jug and basin.  The latter containing
brute beasts which are to the Count's command are yet themselves not
brute from the face of creation.  I would sell my soul to do it!"
brute.  Early this morning a large dog, a half-bred mastiff
bubbling well of good spirits.  Quincey wrote me a line too, and from
buckled with an old diamond buckle which her lover had given her, was
building, and the light fell on the window.  There distinctly was Lucy
buoyancy, so as to them all my mind is at rest.  As for myself, I was
buried alive, and that will paint his dreams with horrors of what she
burn, but she folded her hands meekly and looked up in prayer.  Harker
burned as wizards.  There are always mysteries in life.  Why was it
burned into the flesh as though it had been a piece of white-hot metal.
bursting open, had swung back to its old position.  Van Helsing, Art,
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
businesslike gentleman who came here today.
but crouched down, quivering and cowering, and was in such a pitiable
but his mouth is set as firmly as a conqueror's.  Even in his sleep he
but if you have so far traveled on the road to poor Lucy's death, you
but in his own smooth, resistless way.
but is not.  But the conditions of her are in no way anemic.  I have
but is of sweet woman and have a special power which the Count give
but it is cruelly true.  It told me, in its very tones, the anguish of
but it was only the shadows," and resumed his inquiry, I turned my
but looked at it in an agonised sort of way.  I greatly fear that she
but make your husband love you the more, and all us, your friends,
but more slow and more short time than ever, to the hypnotic
but one, it had been easy, comparative.  But three!  To
but only the same story.  "Not yet reported."  Mina's morning and
but she sat calm, and smiled at me.  When I would have stepped to
but she smile, and tell me that she have eat already.  That she
but somehow I have now no fear for him, or for myself.  I write this
but somehow now I think it has a deeper meaning.  I am not sleepy
but the heap of gold remained.  I went through the door in the corner
but through the joinings of the door.  It got thicker and thicker,
but tonight it is delightful!  There is peace in its smell.  I feel
but up here I hear and see them both.  I wonder where Jonathan is and
but when I went to search I saw the dead eyes, and in them dead though
but when he saw the sunlight streaming in through the edges of the
but when we had lit our cigars he said, "Lord . . ." but Arthur
but with surprise and gladness, made a discovery.  The room was
but yesterday dear Mr. Hawkins, who is always so kind, sent me a
but you will forget it, will you not?"  He bent low beside her as he
but, please God, we shall come through them all right.  If any need
buzz into the room.  We tried to make him talk of the subject of our
by
by God, I shall do it!"
by contact.  If this be an ordered selfishness, then we should pause
by day, she shall take her place with the other Angels.  So that, my
by death, and we fly back to first principles of hope and enjoyment.
by he bound up my wound, and sent me downstairs to get a glass of wine
by his writing materials, after which, the instant the door had closed
by in a manner which was not my habit.  My watch was still unwound,
by instinct rather than reason.  We shall all have to speak frankly.
by oars or poles, for the banks are near and it is working
by some wild animal.  Those we had been speaking with ran off to see
by the blood which smeared her lips and cheeks and chin.  From her
by the dusty nature of their occupation and the reprehensible
by the local people be attributed to me.
by the pot being placed on the hearth.  There was a card on the table,
by the solid stone wall above mentioned.  There are many trees on it,
by tonight's post.  It will be a pleasure if we can so far deviate
by twenty-two hours.)
byway of Walworth or Mile End would attract too much attention for our
cabin, produced a receipt signed "Immanuel Hildesheim."  Burgen-strasse
call in plane with the horizon.  It is a difficult thing that we go to
call, for I found him dressed in his room.  His door was ajar, so that
call.  But he cut her off, take her, as he can do, out of his own
call."
called Lucy's attention to the peculiar effect, and she became herself
called business until the supper was over, and we were all
called for him as he was not asleep.  Things are moving too quickly
called to the attendants to follow me, and ran after him, for I
calm voice called them back.
came a quiet, resolute knock at the hall door.  It was just an
came away from his room we were silent till we got back to the study.
came back, and that once she walked out in the night and went to
came from the opened red lips.  The body shook and quivered and
came home to the hotel to Mina.
came in he ran to me and said he wanted to ask me a great favour, a
came into it.  I could see along the floor, in the brilliant
came into the room, that you must have another transfusion of blood,
came round Mrs. Harker prepared herself for her hypnotic effort, and
came the sound of a pistol shot, the glass of the window was shattered
came to the window and called me in.  He looked grave, but said, 'I
came up and stood awhile on deck in fog.  He must have come off by
came upon us, for even after down sun the heavens reflected
came well ahead of the crowd.  When I arrived, however, I found
came?  Yes!  Were you not amazed, nay horrified, when I would not let
can about Count Dracula, as it may help me to understand.  Tonight he
can at present.  You had better go your round, and Dr. Van Helsing
can be at the present.  You go wake those maids.  Flick them in the
can catch it.  Can see you any time you call.
can come on him by day, on the water, our task will be over.  He has a
can even get so far as to begin."
can find us a key of some sort."
can hear them on the outside."
can know now what was in the Count's mind, when he seize that money,
can only ask you to trust me.  If I am refused, the responsibility
can recall must be forgotten.  In all calmness I must proceed.
can see his face all wrinkled up with the concentration of his
can serve his purpose.  Great God!  Merciful God, let me be calm, for
can take our measure according.
can we destroy?  My friends, this is much, it is a terrible task that
can't be, you know, for she's dead."
can't say.  I thought it well to know if possible where the Count
can't understand the two things.  He could mark his face like that by
can, but I don't know as 'ow you'd be satisfied with the theory."
can.  He says he has work to do in London which may take him some
cannot get some clue as to what has become of the rest."
cannot possibly get in till well after sunup.  Thus we shall have two
cannot tell what she know not.  This is a painful task!  Oh, so
captain come, when told that he will be pay well, and though he swear
captain had been seized with some kind of mania before he had got
capture by making nailmarks on the edge of the door between the ridges
care not to let her know anything about it, and we all tried not to
care not to take off my hat or veil, and so have escaped their
care of the case himself, saying that he would watch this night and
care of your so sweet wife!"
care!"
care.  See!"--He must have looked at it.--"One is from you, and to my
career of this so unhappy dear lady is but just begun.  Those children
carefully rolled up in a white napkin.  Next he took out a double
carefully, and perhaps I may arrive at some conclusion.  I shall try
carefully, and saw the whole man emerge.  It was a new shock to me to
carefully.  I may get some light on the mystery.
careless motion, she flung to the ground, callous as a devil, the
cargo of the Count's to its place in London.  Later, we may be able to
carriage moved up Piccadilly he followed in the same direction, and
carried it in before I could forestall him.  I protested, but he
carried on shore, or if the ship do not touch it, he cannot achieve
carried, knife or pistol, and held himself in readiness to attack.
carriers in London who took charge of them.  He is now reading his
carriers should in fear leave him to perish, we shall go in the track
carry out our intent.  We have arranged with certain officials that
cart, and with a strength which seemed incredible, raised the great
cart--with its long, snakelike vertebra, calculated to suit the
case chance would admit of my prolonging my stay, that to oppose him
case he is in a hurry.
case the coroner should demand it, there would be a formal inquest,
case there had been an intention to delay.
case.  I should much like to see him, and especial when his mind is
case.  You know I loved that girl and wanted to marry her, but
casement.  I could see the bolt shot.  It had been locked after I left
cases have occurred of young children straying from home or
castle as can be got by water.
castle by the same window, and in my clothes.  As he went down the
castle.  I went out on the stairs, and found a room looking towards
casualties of war proper being assisted by famine and disease.
cat to eat the many birds.  What would have been his later steps?
cat!  I only asked for a kitten lest you should refuse me a cat.  No
catching him by the neck with both hands, dragged him back with a fury
cattle and horses and suck dry their veins, how in some islands of the
caught on to my meaning at once, and settled that matter in a word.
cause to be concerned.  He has not forgotten you or what he owes to
cause!  I must not think too much of this, or I may be tempted.  A
cause, for in it is some need of belief.  Come, I tell you what I
cause.  It would almost seem as if there was some influence which came
cause?  I may err, I am but man, but I believe in all I do.  Was it
ceased.
ceased.  I go to bed now without any fear of sleep.  I do not even try
ceaselessly through the valleys.  Sometimes the hills were so steep
centre, with his elbows on his knees, and his face was the picture of
centuries of the world that have been, or that will be, could aid him.
centuries to come he might, amongst its teeming millions, satiate his
centuries, and who had been strengthened by the passing of
cerebration was doing its work, even with the lunatic.  I determined
certain dignity in the man's manner, so much of the habit of equality,
certain dinner party, and that you are free.  There will only be one
certain method in the Count's inquiries, so I shall try to put them
certain point, and I see already, though your diary only took me to 7
certain small evidences, such as that my clothes were folded and laid
certain things he would long ago have been beyond our power.  However,
certain things which have puzzled me.  Up to now I never quite knew
certain, for if I am only doubtful I shall take it that the time has
certainly done his work well, for the room was turned into a small
certainty of eternal rest, and go out into the dark where may be the
certainty that the Count is out of the country has given her comfort.
certing."
chair, and putting his hands before his face, began to sob, with loud,
championing me.
chance that we may live and learn."
chance, and I secured a few drops of the blood and have analysed
chances are desperate, but my need is more desperate still.  I shall
chances', and the absolute accuracy with which his instructions were
change whatever, but said to me gratefully,
change.  He got two in addition to the two we changed, so that now we
changed to dark iron-grey.  The cheeks were fuller, and the white skin
changed to repulsion and terror when I saw the whole man slowly emerge
changes and find the same thing so constantly that we are encouraged
chapel at Carfax.  There should be fifty of them there, unless any
chapel.  I knew now well enough where to find the monster I sought.
chapelle ardente.  There was a wilderness of beautiful white flowers,
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
charge of it got it into working order, and in the pauses of
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
chat of all things except ourselves and diseases and with
chatted whilst I ate.  After supper I smoked, as on the last evening,
chattering and chattering and gossiping all day, after the manner
cheeks had recovered some of their flowing lines.  Even the lips had
cheerful appearance to Jonathan tries me, and I have no one here
cheerful, when my call comes!"  He held up his arms devoutly, and
cheerfully,
cheerfully, "And what am I to do for you?  For at this hour you do not
cheerfulness amongst us.  Then Mrs. Westenra went to lie down, and
cheery-looking elderly woman in the usual peasant dress--white
cheque of 1 pound, 17s, 9d, amount of overplus, as shown in
chests were bulky, and there was no mistaking them.
chicken, neither."
chief boatman, I was, as your correspondent, permitted to climb on
chiefest harm.  The hunter is taken in his own snare, as the great
chiefly in order that he might not be disturbed.  When I came back, I
child Lucy Westenra.  Madam Mina, it is on account of the dead that I
child brain, and it is of the child to do what he have done.  The
child that up to now she had clutched strenuously to her breast,
child's.
children can be bitten.  Are you of belief now, friend John?"
children pretend, and even imagine themselves, to be.
children still walk with earthly feet!
children's throats were made by the same that made the holes in Miss
children, and have, with love and pride, seen you grow up.
chill mist.  Even in the dark there was a light of some
chilled and unnerved, and angry with the Professor for taking me on
chilling my heart.  Finally, I came to the hall door and found it open.
chimney pots, it made me shudder.  When a sharp puff came it seemed to
chimney.  The Count himself left my luggage inside and withdrew,
chirping outside of the window.  Lucy woke, too, and I was glad to see,
chloral, the modern Morpheus!  I must be careful not to let it grow
choice of evils.  Without a pause I rushed up to the east window, and
choke in his voice.
choose to sleep him for a century, and then in time our dear one," he
choose?'  Tell me if there be such a one amongst us?"
choosing his own time, complete the task unobserved.  At Piccadilly
chosen instruments of His good pleasure, and that we ascend to His
chronological order every scrap of evidence they have.  Harker has got
church and grew and grew, till, on descending, he could drink the oil
church has been sent for.  We are to be married in an hour, or as
church, a white dim figure flitted in the direction of the tomb.  The
church.
churchyard farthest from the tomb.  At the same time a dark mass moved
churchyard of St. Peter, and that the throat had been torn open as if
churchyard over the low wall.  The night was dark with occasional
churchyard to enjoy the beauty.  Before the sun dipped below the
churchyard, which was not much of a task, and drove back to
churchyard.  Lucy came with me, and we went early to our old seat,
churchyard.  Lucy is ever so much better.  Last night she slept well
circle, I took my way to the castle.  The blacksmith hammer
circle.  Then they began to materialize till, if God have
circles.  Once or twice it came quite close, but was, I suppose,
circumstances I felt that I should protect myself in every way I
circumstances, but it had no effect.  Men and women are so different
circumstances, of absorbing interest.  So well as I can remember, here
circumstances."  He made this last appeal with a courtly air of
city.  Each in his own way was solemn and overcome.  Arthur was
clad in black.  His face was turned from us, but the instant we saw we
claim to be descended from Attila and the Huns.  This may be so, for
claimed when you've told me what you think will happen."
clanking of massive bolts drawn back.  A key was turned with the loud
clasp her hand.  I could not speak.  My emotion was too great for even
clearin' that day, an' had to remain the nicht at anchor.  But in the
clever.  I have asked my friend Arminius, of Buda-Pesth University, to
clever.  Just fancy!  He is only nine-and twenty, and he has an
cliff, the dying sunlight struck the windows of St. Mary's Church.
cliff-path and joining her at the gate.  I felt a little sad myself,
close, but I did not say anything, for I had a greater fear that if I
closed the account most accurately, and today begun a new record.  How
closed, and Van Helsing, who had been watching closely, took Arthur's
closed, and he went quickly into a sleep, with his head on my
closing down upon us, great masses of greyness which here and there
closing round me more closely.
clothes that they were peasants or gypsies of some kind.
clothes, all the man in him awake at the need for instant exertion.
clothes.
cloud before me, and a noise like thunder, and the mist seemed to
cloud in the room, through the top of which I could see the light of
cloud, like the colour of blood, seemed to close over my eyes, and
clouds and looked down on all the weaknesses and wants of us poor
clue after all, if we can find why today his paroxysms came on at high
clue.  He does not wish to be disturbed in the work, without cause.  I
clues.  At any rate some of us can remain there whilst the rest find
cluster, and hurried along as though beset.  The snow is falling
coach rocked on its great leather springs, and swayed like a boat
coach, peered eagerly into the darkness.  It was evident that
coach, which is, of course, late; and the crucifix is still round my
coast of Andres!  An' you consated his body lay under!  Why, I could
coffee, or tea, and off we go.  It is a lovely country.  Full of
coffin box.  Now he make his most effort to escape us.  At present he
coffin lid, and gathering up our belongings, came away.  When the
coffin, and then across, and down the other side.  Taking the edge of
coffin, but that only proves one thing."
coffin, or at any rate, had not thought of it.  When he saw the rent
coffin, to see if a woman dead nearly a week were really dead, it now
coffin-home, his hell-home, the place unhallowed, as we saw when he
coffin.  Arthur stepped forward hesitatingly.  Van Helsing said to me,
coffin?"
cold hour when all nature is at lowest, and every time my
cold stone building, with its wealth of breathing misery, and my own
cold, cold.  So cold that the grey heavy sky is full of
cold.  I flung the warm shawl over her, and drew the edges tight around
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
combination is a dreadful one.
combination.  Friend John, up to now fortune has made that woman of
come I can meet them one by one."
come again, himself driving cart on which a great box.  This he
come alone from the bloody field where his troops were being
come down and the mouth tightens.  The forehead is broad and fine,
come hout the 'ole hevening.  Well, larst night, so soon as the moon
come in," and sat down on the edge of his bed with his head down, but
come into possession of the property, and, even had she only survived
come into that room when I chose.  He answered, "Yes, certainly," and
come over me.  Here I am, sitting at a little oak table where in old
come safely back to this room.  I must put down every detail in order.
come to breakfast.
come to find the child.  So finally we decided that we would take it
come to her too late, but so heavy that she will not wake.  I
come to know it empirically, that it is.  That is to be empiric.  The
come to me at once."
come to this!"  And, raising himself to his knees, he beat his hands
come when all sleep.  We shall unscrew the coffin lid, and shall do
come!"
come, and like the rain on the ropes, they brace us up, until perhaps
come, though afterwards he can come as he please.  His power ceases,
come.  I dreaded the words Renfield might speak.  I was positively
come.  The traces of such an illness as his do not lightly die away.
come."
come."
comes another word from some one who speak without thought because
comfort him, so I said, "I promise."
comfort to him if I told him that I also had come to the same
comfort?  Some time, if it may be, I must examine this matter and try
comforting word!  I am grateful to whoever invented it.
comforting.  Mina says that perhaps we are the instruments of ultimate
comically grave, so I went towards the door, simply saying, "Come, my
coming awakened me, for I had gone to sleep on the sofa.  He was very
coming close to me, he spoke in a fierce half-whisper.  "What took it
coming closer, and through their song the rolling of heavy wheels and
coming dawn was making the windows into sharp oblongs, and the gas
coming light.  Then there was the sound of rattling chains and the
coming lost something of its grim significance, though we did not
coming night might see my own body a banquet in a similar war to those
coming of the dawn the horrid figures melted in the whirling
coming relapse from her freedom of soul, did not seem so full of
coming to me in my sleep?  But the pillar was composed of both the day
coming up.  I may not be able again.  I know that when the Count wills
coming was with quiet of them.  In the cold hour the fire
coming, as Miss Westenra was not so well, and that I should let him
command the respect of any lunatic, for easiness is one of the
command, and looking towards the sound, saw him stand in the roadway.
committed suicide in order that she mightn't get an insurance she put
common earth', except that the boxes were 'main and mortal heavy', and
common sense.  I have no doubt that he believes it all.  I wonder if
common with him, so that we are, as it were, to stand together.  Or
communicate.  I was not so sleepy as I should have been, so before
compact was made.  I felt my heart icy cold, but it did not even occur
companion and my helper.  You shall be avenged in turn, for not one of
companions, one after another, and saw from their flushed faces and
compare with our own Ordnance Survey Maps; but I found that Bistritz,
comparing the reality and the picture.  It is only in accordance
complaint.
complete darkness, for the rolling clouds obscured the moon.
complete in me, and when you shall understand as though the sunlight
completed, and the last stragglers of the mourners had taken
completely oblivious of the affair.  It was, I am sorry to say,
comprehensive sweep of his arm to designate what to a vampire was
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
conceal it.  But in this way she is greatly changed during the past
concealments.  Our hope now is in knowing all.  Tell freely!"
conceivable subject, hour after hour.  I felt that it was getting very
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
concerned about certain matters vitally important.  In them
concerned, I cannot make such a promise.  If you can assure me that
concerning the sale and purchase of No. 347, Piccadilly.  The
concession, boon, privilege, what you will.  I am content to implore
conclusion be a blank?  No?  Then tell me, for I am a student of the
conclusion that it must be something mental.
conclusion.  For at any rate it would take away the pain of doubt.  I
conclusions.  I shall then say what I have done and propose doing.
conclusions.  Quincey Morris was phlegmatic in the way of a man who
condescend in future to accept.  She will do the proposing herself.  And
condition amongst its more lively and spruce-looking neighbours.  We
condition.  Send me word how Lucy is.  Do not delay.--Holmwood.'
conditions of everything left in my charge.  With regard to
conditions of the fatted calf, and went off to report.
conditions.  He laughed till he cried, and I had to draw down the
conduct, and asked me in a very humble, cringing way to be led back to
confess I don't see how we are going to get in unless that agency duck
confessed to half dozing, when he heard loud voices in the room, and
confided to me that her doom is spoken, disease of the heart, though
confidence.  It took all my courage to hold to the wise resolution of
confidence.  That nothing of any sort, no matter how painful, should
confuse them with experiences which will have to rest on my own
confused sounds, as of men talking in strange tongues, fierce falling
connected narrative.  He thinks that in the meantime I should see
connection with some dreamy fear, but I could not recollect at the
conscious brother.
conscious, after the operation."
conscious, and which we saw with grinding of our teeth, remembering
consciousness after the operation, for a short time, at all events.
consciousness seemed to burst upon him all at once, and he started up.
consensus of their excuses is that they had been with a
consent at once, though for the life of me, I cannot understand what
consider was the cause of it, and how you think the whole affair
consider whether he might not himself move the box.  So he began to
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
consignment of boxes.  It gave me almost a turn to see again one of
consignment, in the partially ruined building forming part of the
consignments and the forms to be gone through, and of all sorts of
constant sufferer, forbids absolutely any travelling on my part for
consternation, however, he was not there.  An instant later, I saw him
consultation, "Seventy-two only, and in all this excitement.  I have
consulted about it.  If we were to take it to a police station we
consulted me professionally about her.  I took advantage of the
consulting his pocketbook.  "Nota bene, in Madam's telegram he went
contain.  Thus, in fine, if he escape not on shore tonight, or before
contained the vile body, I ran from the place and gained the Count's
contempt to me, "You will, of course, understand, Mrs. Harker, that
content mean?  Can it be that his instinct is satisfied as to the
continued on up the Sereth.  At Fundu we could not hear of any such
continuous knocking at my door, so I guess I must have been sleeping
controlled himself and was at perfect nervous poise when Mrs. Harker
conveniently we can imagine.)  The mist grew thicker and thicker and I
conventional prefix.  When an individual has revolutionized
conversation was possible were shortened.  Arthur's presence, however,
conversations.  I am told that, with a little practice, one can
conveyed to me in Dr. Seward's diary of the opening of Miss Westenra's
conviction which was not without its own charm.
conviction, despite my knowledge of the man's character and history,
convulsively, and as he did so, said, "I'll be quiet, Doctor.  Tell
cook to get ready a good breakfast.  Then a thought struck me, and I
copied maps of it, and you know it at least more than we do.  Which is
copied or distributed:
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
coquettishly, and the other two urged her on.
corner of Arlington Street our contingent got out and strolled into
corner where I had found him.  I shall see him in the morning early.
corpse, with drooping head, which swung horribly to and fro at each
correspondence regarding the purchase.  With a little trouble we found
correspondent naively says that even Ellen Terry could not be so
corroborated by his landlord, who had received by messenger the key of
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
cottages in the enclosure behind the elephant house, and was just
could and said that we had better hasten, as the afternoon was
could avoid were saved.
could be more terrible than the unnatural, horrible net of gloom and
could bear it, but there is no one.  I have only the Count to speak
could do nothing.  I sat down and simply cried.
could do.  But it is pleasure added to do for him, your friend, it
could either shave or brush my hair.  I have not yet seen a servant
could get me the address it would be worth another half sovereign to
could grasp it through the gloom of the night.
could have imagined might have rested there.
could hear his voice in the hall, asking the way to the nearest
could hear the click of the closing lantern as Van Helsing held it
could look at the lovely view to east and south, and unthinking of and
could not argue the matter with her, I could only guess.  I am as far
could not arrive at any unquestionable result.  To be sure, there were
could not find the key of the room or the key of the outer door, which
could not have lain there long, for the earthy smell would have passed
could not lunch at home.  My household work is done, so I shall take
could not proceed at all if once he lost the thread of his thought."
could not see her, I could hear the beating of her naked hands against
could not still get in.  And think there was to you no conscience of
could not think.  The new phases of things leave my mind in a state of
could not.  Then there came to me the old fear of sleep, and I
could only do so at slack of tide, which should be something before
could say nothing, save to accept their chivalrous care of me.
could see now how it came in, for I could see it like smoke, or with
could see that it was horribly bruised, as though it had been beaten
could tell me something, as he thought he remembered seeing the name
could their spoken language . . .
could.
could.  Then I make a fire, and near it I make Madam Mina, now
couldn't throw a shadder."
counsel together."
counsel.
countenance, but the pain overmastered her and she put her hands
counting the moments till he comes.
countless ages, if you will fall down and worship me!'  And then a red
countries.  I wonder if we, I mean Jonathan and I, shall ever see
country and the quaint people!  But, alas!
country, just on the borders of three states, Transylvania, Moldavia,
courage and resolution in her bearing, that I gave in at once to her
courage to submit.  What are we to do for some one who will open his
course I wanted to see all I could of the ways of the country.
course it is about Lucy.  That habit came back to the poor dear, and
course there were petticoats under them.
course they had heard Lucy speak of me, and it seemed that Dr. Van
course we shall all go armed, armed against evil things, spiritual as
course, Arthur wore black, for he was in deep mourning, but the rest
course.  Until it sets tonight, that monster must retain whatever form
courteous and very cheery in his manner, and seeing that I had been
courteous message that he would give me any information in his power I
courtly bow.  I asked him what it was that he wanted to see me about,
courtyard of a vast ruined castle, from whose tall black windows came
courtyard.  With joy I hurried to the window, and saw drive into the
cover off my typewriter, and said to Dr. Seward,
covered up with a sheet, on the bed after I had got up.  They
covered with a film of dust, as though it had lain long in the ground.
covers, which must be very great.  There are but few houses close at
cowered aside and let him pass.  In an instant he had jumped upon the
cozy fire was burning.
crammle aboon the grees, for there be a many of 'em, and miss, I lack
crannies of the stone.  This was evidently the portion of the castle
crash and glitter of the falling glass, he tumbled into the flagged
creak.  The wind is high . . . I can hear it in the shrouds, and the
creaked, and it slowly opened.  It was startlingly like the image
creaking of a chain, and the loud tinkle as the check of the capstan
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
creature and a born nurse, tells me that he wanted her to tell me
crevices between the door and its setting in the tomb.  I was somewhat
criminal always work at one crime, that is the true criminal who seems
criticism as to any of our acts.  Arthur was expected at five o'clock,
crooked inversely, and its end too has a lighthouse.  Between the two
crossed the wall and were closing him in.  I heard him say . . .
crossing over, sat down on his bed.  All this surprised me, so I asked
crucifix, and placed it over the mouth.  He restored the sheet to its
crucifix, that was amongst us even now when we resolve, to them he is
crucifix.  It made an instant change in him, for the fury passed so
crucifix.  She recoiled from it, and, with a suddenly distorted face,
cruelty, and the purity to voluptuous wantonness.
crushable, his are not amenable to mere strength.  A stronger man, or
crushed mine if he had chosen.  Then he took my traps, and placed them
cry, and lay there moaning.  There was a cold-bloodedness in the act
crying again!  I wonder what has come over me today.  I must hide it
crying, I was able to look into Mr. Morris' brave eyes, and
cudgelling my brains, I heard without a crackling of whips and
cupboard, gave me some brandy, which in a few minutes somewhat
cure, rest for the moment on the same base.  For, let me tell you, he
curiosity, I act on the part of Lord Godalming, who wishes to know
curious, too, as to what you mean.
current of her thoughts.
curse has passed away!"
curve, or was shut out by the straggling ends of pine woods, which
curved and her face beams with happiness.  Thank God, there are such
customs, a box which would arrive at Galatz in the Czarina Catherine.
customs.  It must be done by us alone and in our own way."
cut and full of broken glass.  'E's been a-gettin' over
cut had bled a little, and the blood was trickling over my chin.  I
cut to a sharp point.  As the Count leaned over me and his hands
cuts by the aurora borealis."  This was evidently local pleasantry, for
cylinders into type!  We never could have found the dates otherwise.
cylinders which you gave me contained more than you intended me to
damp brows that they were enduring equal torture.  There was a nervous
danger herself, it was much pain as well as much danger averted.
danger to her body, yet her soul was safe!
danger to him.  Instantly forgetting her own grief, she seized hold of
dangerous that you think in this country."  Then seizing the shaving
dared even to attend the Scholomance, and there was no branch of
dark mystery.  You will let me help, will you not?  I know all up to a
dark ways led from it under great round arches, it perhaps seemed
dark window openings it was not likely that my voice could penetrate.
dark with red eyes, just as we saw in the sunset, and something very
dark, rolling clouds overhead, and in the air the heavy, oppressive
darkly out against the whitening hair.
darkness around us I could watch the driver's motions.  He went
darkness in which there was not even the pain of hope to make present
darkness.  Then for a time there were no blue flames, and we sped
dashed on, but at the threshold suddenly stopped and snarled, and
dates I suppose I shall.  What a good thing that Mrs. Harker put my
daughter's renewed strength and excellent spirits.  I was firm,
dawn and sunset in his wooden box.
dawn, there will be the whole day lost to him.  We may then arrive in
day broke.  I fear yet to stir.  I have made my fire and have
day know what a brave and gallant woman his mother is.  Already he
day, for now that Jonathan is a partner, Mr. Hawkins wants to
day, we could save her.  Do you know all the mystery of life and
day.  Dr. Van Helsing placed his hands on Mina's shoulders, and laid
day.  I have asked her if there is any cause, I not dare to ask her
daylight.
days, for any clue to his thoughts would be of immense help to me, but
dazzled more than ever, and I must think.
dazzled, with so much light, and yet clouds roll in behind the light
dead calm, a sultry heat, and that prevailing intensity which, on
dead for quite two days.
dead! I dare not go out, for I can hear the low howl of the wolf
dead, and as for the stake through him, we know already of its peace,
deadening snowfall, was full of terror.  I knew from the way Dr. Van
deadly still, for he means murder in every turn and movement.
deal of the same nature in us as in them theer animiles. Here's you
deal with it.  Billington junior, a nice lad, met me at the station,
deal with me as one to be considered as under exceptional
dear Lucy was at last at peace, I do not think I could have borne it
dear Madam Mina.  All we can do just now is done, and we can there, at
dear Mother's poor body, which seemed to grow cold already, for
dear cows who came nosing towards us in a field close to the
dear one would have approved.  I shall not trouble you with questions
dear should have fallen in love with any other girl.  The idea of my
dear to me."  He held out a hand, which Quincey took.
dear what is it?  What does that blood mean?  My God, my God!  Has it
dear, that I must say such, but it is for good of you that I speak.  He
dear.  We are here, and whilst this is close to you no foul thing can
deary!"--for he saw that I was crying--"if he should come this very
death and all that led to it.  Because in the struggle which we have
death as any of us, but he bore himself through it like a moral
death for a short moment ere fading.  For, friend John, hardly
death that make the rest shudder.  Oh, but I must not forget, my dear
death to go watch alone by the bier of the mistress whom she loved, so
death to which I had come, too late?  I know that minutes, even
death, and this, in Lucy's weak condition, might be disastrous to
death, nay of more than either life or death.  Yet must we be
death."
death?  Ah no!"
death?  Do you know the altogether of comparative anatomy and can say
deathly pale, just like a waxen image, and the red eyes glared with
deathtrap?  Not for the world!  Not for Heaven or Hell!"
debauch.  I learned, however, from his wife, who seemed a decent, poor
deceive us."
deceived.  I was indeed awake and among the Carpathians.  All I could
decision."  He looked at me and said, "My friend John, when the corn is
deck, and was one of a small group who saw the dead seaman whilst
decoction or in nauseous form, so you need not snub that so charming
decoyed away at Hampstead.  It did not convey much to me, until I
deeds in the bundle as Harker had left them, and swept the remaining
deeds of the purchase of the houses at Mile End and Bermondsey,
deem best.  What else have we to hope for, except the pity of the good
deep caverns and fissures that reach none know whither.  There have
deep groan from her husband.  Taking his hand in hers, she held it
deep under the hill whereon it was set that the angle of perspective
deep, except where there were recent footsteps, in which on holding
deeper root for its causes than we have knowledge of.
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
deficiencies in the house, considering the extraordinary evidences of
definite conclusion.  Of one thing only am I certain.  That it is no
delegated possession, is held in a dead hand.
delicate green of the leaves.
delightful anticipation.  The fair girl advanced and bent over me till
delightful it would be to see it all.  If Jonathan and I were driving
delivered their cargo to Slovaks who took the boxes to Varna, for
demon cures which may be useful to us later.
demons, and I fear to say of what.  Be careful of him always that
denied me, and now the sight of those sweet eyes, brightened by recent
denied to me since that it was hysterics, and insisted that it was
denied to the vampire kind, we have sources of science, we are free to
depart.
depend, be complete.  For none of us can tell what, or when, or how,
descended a thick-set working man with his rush-woven basket of tools.
descends so steeply over the harbour that part of the bank has fallen
description to be a phonograph.  I had never seen one, and was much
desecration of the grave, of one who . . ."  He fairly choked with
desert.  I tried to stir, but there was some spell upon me, and
desolate heart to endure it all.  I reached him just as the sun was
desolation.
despair to any of us as we had dreaded.
despairing period.  He will then, in a kind of way, wake again to the
despairing that it seems to me now that it will ring in my ears till
desperate quick, when the time has come.  But think, in all probable
desperate straits, and if the latter be so, I need, and shall need,
destination.  To his doom, I trust!
destiny.  He was, in fact, commanding destiny, subjectively.  He did
destroy even as you destroyed the false Lucy so that the true Lucy
destroy him, drive him to bay in some place where the catching and the
destroy him?  How shall we find his where, and having found it, how
destroy me, unless some relief comes to us.  Oh, my friends, you know
destroy the Count's lair close at hand.  In case he should find it out
destroyed her as he did.  Oh, why did I ever go to Whitby?  There now,
destroyed it.  As I look round this room, although it has been to me
destroyed them all."
destroying shall be, in time, sure."
destruction.  And his presence in his purely material shape, and at
destruction."
details of seamanship and supercargo.  It almost seems as though the
details.
determined that they should not pass.  One and all were quite unaware
determined then and there to scale the wall again, and gain the
determined to keep awake.  Perversely sleep would try to come then
determined to understand him as well as I can.  Today I seemed to get
determined to write only formal notes now, but to write fully to Mr.
deux mains and waited.  In a few minutes Mary opened the door, and
devil's UnDead.  She is God's true dead, whose soul is with Him!"
devilish mockery of Lucy's sweet purity.  Van Helsing, with his usual
devils in the desert.  Fools, fools!  What devil or what witch was
devotedly attached to his father, and to lose him, and at such a time,
devouring monster.  White-crested waves beat madly on the level
diabolical plans.  Everything had been carefully thought out, and done
diary has quieted me, and I feel I shall get some sleep tonight.
diary instead.  Since my rebuff of yesterday I have a sort of empty
diary interest me much, and it had bearing, too, now and again on our
diary of yesterday, that he had once had such a belief.  Why do you
diary seems horribly like the beginning of the "Arabian Nights," for
diary that they had been at Lucy's death, her real death, and that I
diary, Skinsky is mentioned as dealing with the Slovaks who trade
diary, she who write so faithful at every pause.  Something
did feel my hands on them, they whinnied low as in joy, and
did he would not know what to do.  Why, even the peasant that you tell
did not evidently do much in the way of business, his knowledge and
did not go fast, though the way was steeply downhill, for we had to
did not have full opportunity of examination such as I should wish.
did not realize all at once where she was.
did not reproach me.  Taking his field glasses from the case, he stood
did not seem to mind it, but seized him also, and struggled with
did not think so at first, but I know better now.  Therefore I am glad
did not wake her.  But the room was awfully stuffy.  There were a lot
did with my 'owl as the wolves and lions and tigers does.  But, lor'
did, and thus unknowing, she only stole.  Now we must wait."  He went
didn't look the same.  I don't care for the pale people.  I like them
didn't think of it at the time, but when she went away I began to
die and have been buried, and his grave sealed and corn sowed on it,
die for her you would understand . . ."  He stopped with a sort of
die only of bite of cat of dog or other complaint?  Can you tell me
died five days ago, and that Lucy died the day before yesterday.  They
died of it.  Let us fill up the certificate at once, and I shall take
difference between us.
different from the general run of roads in the Carpathians, for it is
different from writing.  I am unhappy about Lucy and about Jonathan.
difficulties and dangers of the time, masses of sea-fog came
difficulties which might arise, but by forethought could be guarded
difficulty, an unknown danger, in the work before us.  The same power
difficulty, for it was very dark, and the whole place seemed so
diffuse.  But now I am glad that I went into detail from the first,
digital pressure to my own incision.  I laid down, while I waited his
digression of my thoughts must have done me good, for when I got back
dim around.  The gaslight which I had left lit for Jonathan, but
dim half remembrance of long, anxious times of waiting and fearing,
dim streak of the coming dawn.  There seemed a strange stillness over
dim, uncertain light, seemed longer and sharper than they had been in
diminished.  Those that do remain, however, are well fed, for he still
dinner exactly.
dinner he said to Mrs. Harker, "I am told, Madam Mina, by my friend
dinner, so I said, "She is possibly tired.  Let dinner wait an hour,"
dinner, which had been at six o'clock, we unconsciously formed a sort
dinner.  This afternoon she made a funny remark.  We were coming home
dint in the white flesh.  Then he struck with all his might.
direct the elements, the storm, the fog, the thunder; he can command
directed.
directing him to secure the best place on the coach for me; but on
direction of meeting his wishes.
dirty water which was reddened as if with blood.  Last of all was a
disappear through the window, and had at once sent up for me.  He was
disappearance of the dead man, turned, without a word, and rode away
disarray.  Her face was ghastly, with a pallor which was accentuated
discharge at once.  I believe that, had I not had the chat with Harker
discharged in the port an' get rid o't althegither.  We didn't do much
disclose our plan to her, but he took no notice.  I looked at him
discover on what boat and whither bound Count Dracula made his escape.
discover that, we come back and tell you all.  Then we will comfort
discovered electricity, who would themselves not so long before been
discovering Corcoran's lodging house.
discovery.
disease, but the edges were white and worn looking, as if by some
dishonour to science than wolves be of danger to man.  In the meantime
dishonourable peace, and the glories of the great races are as a tale
displayed, but there was no sign of a man in it, except myself.
disposal, and I learned that Mr. Bloxam, who had slept off the remains
disposition that, when we have examined the house in Piccadilly, we may
disposition would have rendered impossible the carrying out of her
dissipated all my doubts and fears.  Having then reached my normal
dissolution, there was in the face a look of peace, such as I never
distance from the scene of their labors of any place of public
distance, where the snowy peaks rose grandly.  Here and there seemed
distant clock strike twelve, and in time came one and two.  I was
distinction, but I swear to you by all that I hold sacred and dear
distress more poignant.  And then long spells of oblivion, and the
distressing himself so much that I feared to keep his mind on the
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
distrust, for, coming close to me, he said in a whisper, all the while
disturb her.
disturbed."
divert if possible the thoughts of the unhappy husband and wife from
divided, and seemed to shine on me through the fog like two red eyes,
do anything I can for her.
do him equal well, and none may know these are his hiding place!  But,
do it before I felt you."
do murder.  Ah, I doubt not that in the old time, when such
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
do not die like the bee when he sting once.  He is only stronger, and
do not know if it was real of the dreaming of a madman.  You know I
do not know that, friend John, but you shall know it later, and in
do not think it was such a shock to any of us as might have been
do not understand, though it was apparent to us who were present."
do not want to know it.  I want to take up my life here, with our
do not yet understand.  And there may be more times when I shall want
do now was to be patient, and to wait the coming of morning.
do or say anything.  With a mocking smile, he placed one hand upon my
do that day after tomorrow, for poor Mr. Hawkins left in his will
do what I would, I could not conceal.
do what our friend Arthur call, in his phrases of hunt 'stop the
do without it.
do wrong, but it is for your own dear sake.
do you all come across.  We shall be on the lookout for you, and shall
do!"  As she spoke, Lucy turned crimson, though it was only
do, a duty to others, a duty to you, a duty to the dead, and by God, I
do, and I ask your pardon, Mrs. Harker, most sincerely, I fear I must
do, and I warn you that you do not thwart me.  Take care, for the sake
do, and we do not want no peoples to watch us if so it may."
do.  But we are strong, each in our purpose, and we are all more
do?  The whole of life seems gone from me all at once, and there is
doctor will be here soon now.  I shall say nothing of Jonathan's
doctor.  Lucy's state this morning is due in part to me."
doctors went to the shipping agent to learn particulars of the arrival
documents, and shall be better able to understand certain things."
doer most reckoned on for his selfish good, turns out to be his
does Dr. Van Helsing, that I am the train fiend.  At home in Exeter I
does a railway truck.  We get the small truth first.  Good!  We keep
does not rest with me."
does not touch her looks.  She is a trifle stouter, and her cheeks are
does others?  We shall see.
does.  I tried to be stern with him, as one is to a woman under the
doesn' lie there either!  It'll be time for ye to be getting scart
doesn't, for Arthur tried twice to make a chance, and I helping him
dog, and although of not much importance individually, would tend
dog-eared notebook, which he produced from some mysterious receptacle
dogs, though this grew fainter as we went on our way.  The baying of
doing a descriptive special article for THE DAILY TELEGRAPH.  He
doing of late of evenings, whenever I have seen one.  You used to
doing.
doing.  Arthur and Quincey drew near also, as they too were curious.
dominance, when the time-discoloured stone, and dust-encrusted mortar,
dominant spirit asserted itself.  In all our hunting parties and
don't know but that I agree with you.  If that man had been an
don't like this lapsing into forgetfulness.  It may make or continue
don't mean to take any chances!"
don't see anything very funny in that!"  She spoke her comment very
don't seem to be getting air enough.  I shall try to cheer up when
don't want souls.  Why not?"  I put my question quickly and somewhat
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate
done made me think that he could not mean to confine himself to two
done me no harm.  Don't ye fash about them as lies under ye, or that
done there.  You were doubtless surprised at my letter?"  This query
done what is best.  These things, in conjunction with the wild work we
done with him you shall kiss him at your will.  Now go!  Go!  I must
done, I lay back in my chair powerless.  Fortunately I am not of a
done.  Goodbye."
done.  May we come in?"
doom which seemed drawing tight round us?  Was it indeed a house of
door and called out, "Is there anybody there?"  There was no
door asking questions.  When the Professor saw Mina a smile, a
door be unlocked, so that I may get it and escape.  I went on to make
door he turned, and after a moment's pause said, "Let me advise you,
door leading into the room in the front of the house.  As the Count
door like a mortal.  And so we have this day to hunt out all his lairs
door of the steam launch.  Lord Godalming is firing up.  He is an
door was closed he said with considerable dignity and sweetness, "Dr.
door!  I shall wait till morning."  And I covered my face with my
door, and Arthur was stepping quickly in.  He rushed up to me, saying
door, he entered, and at once began to speak.
door.
door.  I know them steps, 'avin' 'ad to carry the boxes up with three
door.  One of the maids ran off, hurried on some more clothes, and
doors were all open I broke them off the rusty hinges, lest some
doubly anxious about me and the others.  But it is best as it is.  It
doubt in question.  I shall not fear to sleep in any place where he is
doubtless by morning far down the river mouth.  She was then, when
doubtless some of the sketches of the 'Prelude to the Great Storm'
down again, but I could see that he sat firmly and proudly, as one who
down again.  We had a lovely view, and saw the procession nearly all
down at present everything, however trivial, but there is little in
down beside me.  She did not take off her dressing gown,
down in record even your doubts and surmises.  Hereafter it may be of
down in sequence.  The knowledge may somehow or some time be useful to
down my lamp I could see marks of hobnails where the dust was cracked.
down on the sofa and gave way utterly and openly.  I sat down beside
down on the table.  I felt no compunction in doing so for under the
down one of the dark openings.
down the river to the port.  And the man's remark, that the
down the steps.  The steps are a great feature on the place.  They
down whilst waiting for sleep.  It is coming.
down, as though he expected to find some inspiration for an answer.
down.  Coming close to the tomb, he began to remove from the chinks
down.  Then we can have long talks when we do meet.  I wonder when it
downstairs then, but could see no sign of him.  I looked into
downward stab, which made me wince, he made a small hole, which was,
dozen good horses, well appointed.  We have all the maps and
dozing.  In the afternoon, Mr. Renfield asked if he might see me.  Poor
dragged a little up, and showed a red mark on her throat.
draught from the window, and the lights burn blue and dim.
draw it open.
drawing of a breath, the whole body crumbled into dust and passed from
drawn up a chair by the fire and begun to smoke a cigar which he
draws near for the visit of Dr. Van Helsing, for somehow I expect that
dread being alone tonight, and I can go to sleep without fear.  I
dread seemed to slip from us like a robe, and the occasion of our
dread.  He meant escape.  Hear me, ESCAPE!  He saw that with but one
dreaded and grown to hate that the work of her destruction was yielded
dreadful abyss, face down with his cloak spreading out around him like
dreadful fear came upon me, and I was afraid to speak or move.  The
dreadful night.  I felt it!  Oh, I felt it!  Thank God, for His great
dreadful scream.
dreadful.  If I only knew where to write to or where to go to, I
dreadful.  When I left Madam Mina sleeping within the Holy
dream.  She complained a little of being tired, and I let her rest
dreamed . . ."
dreamed at all that night.
dreaming seems to have passed away.  The noises that used to frighten
dreams, I do not remember anything until the morning, when Jonathan
dreams.  I fear what her dreams might be like, with such terrible
dress.  The attitude of the two had a terrible resemblance to a child
dressed the wound and took his arm to bring him away, when Van Helsing
dressing gown and slippers, appeared.  When he saw Renfield on the
drew away and his hand touched the string of beads which held the
drew back the ponderous bolts, unhooked the heavy chains, and began to
drew back towards the door.  But the Professor never stopped for a
drew the door to, after carefully ascertaining that the lock was a
drew the huge bolts, and swung the door open.  Then, taking his little
drew them in again, and putting her elbows together, held her hands
drifting inland.  White, wet clouds, which swept by in ghostly
drink of his, should if he will, compel her mind to disclose to him
drive a stake through her body."
driven by that stern, ice-cold hand!
driver had to use all his great strength to keep them from bolting.
driver said in excellent German--"The night is chill, mein Herr, and
driver saw it at the same moment.  He at once checked the horses, and,
drop of blood.  I said nothing, but went and told the keeper to report
dropped in white patches which congealed as they touched the metal, he
drove off.  The dark man kept his eyes fixed on her, and when the
dry sobs that seemed to come from the very racking of his heart.
dry up the springs of pity in one's heart.
due at King's Cross at 4:30 tomorrow afternoon.  As our client
duplicate key.
duplicates, and anyhow it is not difficult to pick a lock of this
dust that travellers describe when there is a simoon in the
dustiness of the 'ouse we tooked the bloomin' boxes from."
dusty miller.  I know it was a hard fight on my part, and I am quite
dusty with age and moth-eaten.  At last, however, I found one door at
duty on the eastern side of the harbour, who at once ran down to the
duty to your father, and you are right to stick to it.  But if need
duty towards those whom they love, in such times of sore trial!  And
duty', but I do not think that is good enough from the junior
duty, a cause, etc., is the fixed point, the latter force is
duty, whatever it may seem to me.  And then, to follow your Lordship's
duty.  We go into danger, to which you are, or may be, more liable
dying.  It will not be long now.  It will be much difference, mark me,
each and all of us.  When we met at early breakfast there was more
each day of us may not go unrecorded.
each other and from themselves.  So on nodding acquiescence to him he
each other since we were children.  We have slept together
ear scratchin'.  Mind you," he added philosophically, "there's a
early for you?  You can get away, if you are in a hurry, by the
early, and it have its root in faith still.  Then, when we get the
earnest than ever, can seem so strange because it is to order her whom
earnest, because he is merry at times.  I suppose he saw something
earnest.  I knew, as he knew, that it was a stand-up fight with death,
ears and the creaking of wood.  The Count in his box, then,
ears deceived me, I heard the voice of the Count.
ears.  The face, clean-shaven, shows a hard, square chin, a large
earth box left, and a pack of men following like dogs after a fox,
earth box, and we must try to find it.  When that is done all may yet
earth when a woman is in trouble.  You're a man and no mistake.  Well,
earthly life of him which we are aiming at.  If beyond it I could send
earthly token and symbol of the calm that was to reign for ever.
earthquake, and I came back and found you shaking my body.  I saw you
earths' and so we run down our old fox, so?  Is it not?"
easily recognize the locality, as it is the ancient chapel of the
easily, for we did not leave the room in darkness.  She had placed a
east, and the dawn is close.  We must work tomorrow!"
eastward to meet our friends, and him, whom Madam Mina tell
easy.  Yes."  She had made the effort with success.
eat molecules with a pair of chopsticks, as to try to interest me
edges, tiny though they were.
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
effect in the brilliant moonlight, but I was glad to have it with me,
effect of the light over the sea and sky, merged together in one great
effect, however, until the regular time, when she yielded with a still
effects hereafter, when the Pole and the Tropics may hold alliance to
effects which might belong to the Count.  And so we proceeded to
effort each to cheer the other, in the doing so we cheer ourselves.
effort has, however, done him good.  He was never so resolute, never
effort shall not be lack.  Now let us today put all our affairs in
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
effort with regard to the others.  But now he does not know our
eight o'clock he began to get excited and sniff about as a dog does
either as man, or wolf, or bat, or in some other way.  He
either being deceived, like a baby, by my own fears, or else I am in
either capture or kill this monster in his lair, or we must, so to
either penniless or not so free as she should be to act regarding a
either suffocate or swallow some to the . . . Oh, my God!  My God!
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
electronic works
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
elsewhere, there are bats that come out at night and open the veins of
elsewhere.  His eyebrows were very massive, almost meeting over the
emanate from him, his eyes gleamed.  Without a pause he said to him as
embarrassment.
emboldened to proceed in his task.  "Are you satisfied now, friend
emergency.  When they had retired, Quincey, Godalming, and I arranged
emotion was militating against him, by restoring us more to our old
employer, what you will, engaged that someone should come on his
employment positively sickened me.  He was lying on his belly on the
empowered to read her letters and papers, for I am deeply
empty house whose grounds abut on ours, the house to which, you
empty!  It was barely furnished with odd things, which seemed to have
empty, but that was as I expected.  I could not see a key anywhere,
empty.  What am I to do? What am I to do?  I am back in the room
enabled him by our dear, good friend's aid to rise from clerk to
encamped in the courtyard.  These are gipsies.  I have notes of them
encourage each other, and Mina was the brightest and most cheerful of
encrusted with dust, and the shutters were up.  All the framework was
end to achieve which is not a selfish one.  These things are much.
end we?  Life is nothings, I heed him not.  But to fail here, is not
end, she shook as though in a palsy.  She said no more, even in answer
end.  But if there be some missing, we must search until we find them.
endeavour, and opportunity go, we are prepared for the whole of our
endeavour, each one shouldering and pushing the other in his eagerness
endurance of one who had to guard alone.  Besides, I may be of
endured, that was all.  I closed my eyes, but could still see through
enemy is sleepless.'  Who more gladly than we throughout the Four
energy is still intact.  In fact, he is like a living flame.  This may
engine of enlargement, when the Monroe doctrine takes its true place
engulf him, helpless, and he would indeed be lost.  He could have
enough for a company of soldiers.  The Professor encourages her, and
enough for the Count, and as the last chance I cried out, "Shut the
enough those pursued did not seem to realize, or at least to care,
enough to hear what he was saying, lest I might frighten him, and he
enough to write, though progressing well, thanks to God and St.
enough, but his . . . !
enough.  Lor', I wouldn't take less nor a quid a moment to stay there
enter.  It was a welcome sight.  For here was a great bedroom well
entered.  He saluted me in a hearty way, and hoped that I had had a
entering accurately must help to soothe me.
enterprise to an end, but this was no ordinary case, and the high and
entertainment.  I quite understood their drift, and after a stiff
enthusiastically, as he stooped and kissed her hand.  A moment later
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
entreat two others, two that you know not as yet, and I shall be ready
entry.
envelope.  He cannot melt into thin air nor disappear through cracks
enveloping fog up to Galatz, where, doubtless, he had made preparation
equally.  In fact, so far as our powers extend, they are unfettered,
erected by his sorrowing mother to her dearly beloved son.  'He was the
escape at night.  But what would he be, if left in a strange
escape us this time, and he is strong and subtle and cunning, he may
escape, or even from the Zoological Gardens a young one may have got
essence of the contract.  I am sure it is only necessary to put before
etiquette of death which the British woman of the lower classes always
even Van Helsing's iron nerve had failed.  Arthur was next to me, and
even as on foul water, and to realize all the grim sternness of my own
even concerned in His especially spiritual doings.  If I may state my
even get a growl out of me.  Drive along with your questions.  I
even grow younger, that his vital faculties grow strenuous, and seem
even have lost her appetite.  She make no entry into her little
even in her sleep.  She is still too pale, but does not look so
even in the mind of this poor madman from the others, but all the same
even louder than before.  The rays of the searchlight were kept fixed
even me, though I was some distance away.  It is now after the dinner
even scouted a belief that we saw justified under our very eyes.  Take
even the evidence of my own senses.  Not knowing what to trust, I did
even to look for them."  Then we drifted into other matters.
even when he believes he is in a real Presence.  His manias make a
even when they howled.  For myself, I felt a sort of paralysis of
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
even yet I do not expect you to believe.  It is so hard to accept at
evening hypnotic answer is unvaried.  Lapping waves, rushing water,
evening we strolled in the Casino Terrace, and heard some good music by
events, but by me?"
ever come, shall be, leagued with your enemy against you.
ever met with in a lunatic, and he took it for granted that his
ever since our return so long ago.  We were struck with the fact, that
ever so great as Attila, whose blood is in these veins?"  He held up
ever.  He tells me that he loves me more, but I doubt that, for at
ever.  In a sort of sleep-waking, vague, unconscious way she opened
every boat which we have overhauled since then this trick has
every one except, of course, Jonathan.  You will tell him, because I
every time.  But that you do not, cannot comprehend.  Oh, but I am
everything has to break off at cockcrow, or like the ghost of Hamlet's
everything look as pleasing as possible.  He had even brushed Lucy's
everything took a hue of unreality, and I did not know what to trust,
everything, and I think that if we get all of our material ready, and
everything, even yourself.  No, you don't, you couldn't with eyebrows
everything, except of course, personal fear, and it seemed to wipe the
everything, for there is nothing which interests you which
everything.
everything.  But as I listened, I heard as if from down below in the
evidence of bad dreams I will wake you at once."
evidences of the absolute prostration which she had undergone.  When I
evident that he feared, or was jealous of, some interference.  When he
evidently been buffeting its wings against the window.  So I went
evidently bent on losing no time in reaching Borgo Prund.  I was told
evidently determined that there shall be no cause of other
evidently fears discovery or interference, in the state of
evil spirits are supposed to have unchecked sway, a blue flame is seen
exactly into whatever else he has to say.  But this is a way slang
exactly what happened.  God knows that I do not want that you be
except at night.  Even then he can only summon fog and storm and
except the later notebooks of Mina and Seward and myself, and Van
excepted from the category, jealousy.
exception of a certain entailed property of Lucy's father which now,
exceptional brain, congenitally?
excite curiosity.  When they dismiss the men, which shall be shortly,
excite his suspicion and to arouse his anger.  He knows that I know
excitement yesterday when Godalming got his telegram from Lloyd's.  I
excitement, except Harker, who is calm.  His hands are cold as ice,
excitement.
excuse me that I do not join you, but I have dined already, and I do
excuse.  At length, he stammered out, "You see, I do not know how to
exercise.  Before I could get up to him, the patient rushed at
exhausted too.  I fear to trust those women, even if they would have
exhaustion.  Lucy was up and in cheerful spirits.  When she shook
exist.  Even had we not the proof of our own unhappy experience, the
existence from the earth.
existence tell on me.  It is destroying my nerve.  I start at my own
existence would defame Him.  He have allowed us to redeem one soul
existence, and it certainly shows marks of it.  Fifty years ago a
existent.  There was one great tomb more lordly than all the
expectation.  We are due to arrive between two and three in the
expected, and men waited breathless.
expected.
expected.  At the edge of the West Cliff above the pier I looked across
expected.  Dr. Seward was out on business, and had taken Jonathan with
expected.  I was, in fact, beginning to shudder at the presence of
expected.  True, we did not know whence, or how, or when, the bolt
experience were befooling me.  For the snow flakes and the mist
experience, can't hazard a good guess at any rate, who is even to
experienced by both Van Helsing and myself.  Mrs. Harker had sent a
experienced hand at the work, as he has had for years a launch of his
experienced here, with results both strange and unique.  The weather
experienced tells upon him the most.  Oh, it is too hard that a
experienced this change in the atmosphere can well believe it.  All at
experienced, the whole fearful mystery of his diary, and the fear that
experienced.
experiences.  I waited with a sick feeling of suspense.
experiments.  Do we not see how at the first all these so great boxes
explain.  It is morning, and I write by a fire which all
explain.  To begin, have you ever study the philosophy of crime?
explaining that, as Lord Godalming was coming very soon, it would be
explanation was simply an elaborate sell.  I couldn't cope in
exposed when the Professor lifted them.
expressed it.  Poor fellows, neither of them is aware that I know all
expression became frantic as she spoke.  And, he yielding to her, she
expression, coming apropos of nothing, that it quite startled me.  I
expressive of the deepest emotion.
exquisitely voluptuous, that the very instinct of man in me,
extraordinary power.  I had to give in, for Mina's resolution was
extravagant emotion.  Finally, she threw herself forward, and though I
eye.
eye.  Man! but the supersteetion of foreigners is pairfectly
eyes savage, and all its hair bristling out like a cat's tail when puss
eyes seemed set amongst swollen flesh, for the lids and pouches
eyes then lit on Van Helsing and on me too, and gladdened.  Then she
eyes were fierce like a man's when angry.  He was laughing with his
eyes were flushed with crying.  This somehow moved me much.  Of late I
eyes with her hand.  When I saw that her high spirits had failed, I
eyes, and I took a sort of mislike to him, for it seemed as if it
eyes, and that quiet dignity which I told you was in his face has
eyes, as of one waked from sleep, she said simply, "I cannot!"
eyes, because they know, or think they know, some things which other
eyes, the repulsion, the horror, told a story to my heart
eyes, which seemed red in the lamplight, as he turned to us.
eyeteeth long and pointed.  But the evil smile as quickly passed into
fabulous value when they were made, for they are centuries old, though
face I could hear the hissing indraw of breath, and he said to me in a
face almost beamed, and as we lifted her from the bath and rolled her
face and red, gleaming eyes.
face calmed me at once.  "Would I were!" he said.  "Madness were easy
face of her danger.  Before the night shut down she was seen with
face was all bruised and crushed in, and the bones of the neck were
face with a wet towel, and flick them hard.  Make them get heat and
face with his hands, and slid down on his knees by the sofa, where he
face, I am afraid I was blushing very much, he said, "Little girl, I
face, and she sank down into a chair with a great sigh, and hid her
face, he opened wide his arms.  She was leaping for them, when Van
face, however, grew grimmer and sterner still.  Renfield went on
face.
face.  But as I did so the head turned, and the eyes fell upon me,
face.  God!  How beautiful she was.  Every hour seemed to be enhancing
face.  It was hard, and cruel, and sensual, and big white teeth, that
face.  The Professor went on, "Come, sir, bethink yourself.  You claim
face?  It feels all swollen, and it smarts dreadfully."
fact, and I was all myself again.
fact, that there have been toads shut up in rocks for thousands of
fact.  Tell me all that has been."
facts before me . . .
facts we know of, what he has done here.
fade away into peace, for I see no light in life over her horizon."  He
faded away.
fail her in so much and so many horrors and hereafter she may suffer,
faint."  The telegrams from London have been the same, "no further
fainting disposition.  When Dr. Seward saw me he jumped up with a
fair as can be, with great masses of golden hair and eyes like pale
faith it would be easier to die than to live, and so be quit of all
faith, was outcast from God.
faithful disposition.  He is discreet and silent, and has grown into
fall in with his views, and asked him what dates I should put on the
fallen asleep and kept dreaming of the incident, for it seemed to be
fallen somewhat, and the heavy door rested on the floor.  Here was an
falling asleep.  There was a sort of scratching or flapping at the
falling, and not a spring one.  In the latter case we should have been
falls into the ratchet."
false impression from my patient.
family, the whole estate, real and personal, was left absolutely to
fancies to stray are most dangerous, and if the child were to remain
fancy of even one lunatic, I might advance my own branch of science to
fancy that I dined too well before I left Bistritz, let me put down my
far as you can, but not yet.  You must eat now, afterwards you shall
far away.  There is tramping of feet overhead, and ropes and chains
far below in the valley, which was hidden from my sight.  Louder it
far intrude on his kindness as to come aboard before the sailing.
far-away look in her eyes, and her voice had a sad dreaminess which
fascinating study.  Perhaps I may gain more knowledge out of the folly
fascinating.  It seemed to have in it a whole history of the country.
fashion, got Lord Godalming and Morris.  And down from the box
fashion, so dank and damp and cold that it needed but little effort
fast, coming up from the south.  It must be Quincey and John.  Take
fastened by his hands, tied one over the other, to a spoke of the
fastening the knots with his teeth.  The fact that a coastguard was
faster than a horse could go, but I don't believe him, for, yer see,
fasting stage of his existence in his rooms or, when he was bloated
fate is his fate.  Whenever he spoke of his house he always said "we",
fate, so that a thin streak of white mist, that crept with almost
father or furtherer of a new order of beings, whose road must lead
father's funeral tomorrow, and he will want to see her, to see it.
father.)
favourable a run.
favourite seat, the silver light of the moon struck a half-reclining
fear that the fatal spell of the place was upon her, tainted as
fear to think.  I have this moment, whilst writing, had a
fear, and I feel so weak and worn out.  When Arthur came to lunch he
fear, but that other to whom is there that she is UnDead, he have
fear.  It is only when a man feels himself face to face with such
feared he was intent on some mischief.  My fear was justified
feared of my trust I shall show it to him, with every thought of my
feared that Lucy must have gone out as she was.  There was no time to
fearful shock, so says our doctor, and in his delirium his ravings
fearfully anxious about him.  If I only knew what to do, and could do
fears the Count is escaping us.
fears, and we marry him.  I know now what I would do if I were a man
feeble effort, my hand in that of his own which was unstained.
feel I am dying of weakness, and have barely strength to
feel sorry, really and truly sorry, for two of the poor fellows.
feel that then I can speak, and speak freely.  Be quick, for the time
feel the air blowing upon me."
feeling nearly as easy in my mind as usual.
feeling.  Nothing in the world seems of sufficient importance to be
feelings of the hunter."  Then he rose and said.
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
feet with a tremor that was pain to feel.
feet, and then began very gently to wake her.
feet.
fell away entirely during the evening, and at midnight there was a
fell headlong into the room.  The Professor did actually fall, and I
fell to at once on an excellent roast chicken.  This, with some cheese
fell upon my face, so that it was bathed in rosy light.  With one
feller, with a white moustache, one that thin you would think he
fellow!  I suppose it was the funeral upset him and sent his mind back
fellow, an American from Texas, and he looks so young and so fresh
fellow, she finally consented.  It will be a painful task for you, I
fellow, who hasn't, perhaps, lived as a man should to win such a
felt a glad sense of relief when we saw the Professor calmly restoring
felt a strange chill, and a lonely feeling come over me.  But a cloak
felt a thrill of joy through me when I knew that no other woman was
felt an infinite pity for him, and opened my arms unthinkingly.  With
felt glad that Jonathan was not on the sea last night, but on land.
felt it was all so useless.  Outrageous as it was to open a leaden
felt my heart sink within me.  Never did tombs look so ghastly white.
felt very badly.
felt very weak, and in the weakness lost something of the amazement at
few minutes and bring him over.
few minutes of midnight.  This gave me a sort of shock, for I suppose
few minutes' silence, he got up, shook hands with me, and blessed me,
few moments he sat despondently.  Suddenly he jumped to his feet, with
few moments till she recovers herself.  I must wake him!"
fierce bursts, and the snow was driven with fury as it swept upon us
figure on the bed.
figure, snowy white.  The coming of the cloud was too quick for me to
figures are on the beach here and there, sometimes half shrouded in
finally sank into a sort of melancholy, in which state he has remained
find Madam Mina still asleep.  It is now not far off sunset time,
find that he had on the suit of clothes which I had worn whilst
find this coffin empty.  But bear with me.  So far there is much that
finger on my lips.  With a sigh, she sank back amid her pillows.
fingers.  I flew to him, for the Holy circle did not now keep me back;
finish, a possibly dangerous man, probably dangerous if unselfish.  In
finished he came back and sat near me, reading, so that I did not feel
finished, Quincey and Godalming knocked at the door.  They entered in
finished, and that she can henceforth leave the rest to us.  We were,
finished, but I could not find one.  There are certainly odd
finite, though he is powerful to do much harm and suffers not as we
fire and a warm bath.  This poor soul is nearly as cold as that beside
fire wrote it on the wall.  He have prepare for this in some way, and
fire.  They drew back before me, and laughed their low horrid
first child missed gave as his reason for being away that a
first consider it well and be satisfied that it does not violate your
first glad to know that she was sleeping.  When, however, her husband
first he mixes up not only the month, but the year.
first he told me that he couldn't love me more than he did then.
first hear my disturbance.  I was makin' up a litter in the monkey
first saw her, and certainly looked better.  She had lost something
first seen the white figure, and coming over, found the Professor
first watch.  God bless him for all his goodness to poor dear Mina and
first, and perhaps our most difficult and dangerous, step has been
first, and then for the sake of humanity.  This monster has done much
fishing in the old days.  He was just settling himself to begin when
fit, as He most surely shall, on the Judgement Day, to redress all
fit, so I blew my whistle.
fits nothing of the kind had ever occurred.  I found him, to my
five o'clock.  Lord Godalming went to the Consulate to see if any
five of us when those absent ones return."
fixed and rather cruel-looking, with peculiarly sharp white teeth.
fixed on the window, but the wolf drew his head back, and a whole
fixed.  She said that it was the last hope for her that we should all
flame was like a speck rather than a disc of light.
flame, purple, pink, green, violet, and all the tints of gold, with
flame, till the dying peoples held that in their veins ran the blood
flamed red with devilish passion.  The great nostrils of the white
fled back over the sea to his home.  Just as formerly he had fled back
fleet when Waterloo was fought.  He is, I am afraid, a very sceptical
flesh answered the pinching test, and my eyes were not to be
flesh to the bone.
flew over to the window and threw up the sash.  As he did so we heard
flicker all the same.  This startled me, but as the effect was only
flickering rays of our own lamps, in which the steam from our
flies to one spider and many spiders to one bird, and then wanted a
flies, and today I told him that he must get rid of them.
flood swept eastward, the Szekelys were claimed as kindred by the
floor licking up, like a dog, the blood which had fallen from my
floor, dashed across the room, threw himself at the window.  Amid the
flour which they said was "mamaliga", and egg-plant stuffed with
flowers are as placed, very important, do not fail.  Shall
flowers that Dr. Van Helsing insisted on my wearing round
flurries and I could see a long way round.  From the height where we
fog was lifted.  But whiles, I thocht that if the Deil was minded to
fog.  Some of the steamers which came in last evening reported patches
folds of flesh were the coils of Medusa's snakes, and the lovely,
follow him, and we shall not flinch, even if we peril ourselves that
follow him.  Tally Ho!  As friend Arthur would say when he put on his
follow on the track.  I note this whilst Godalming is getting ready.
follow, and a night to sit up, without to wink.  Tomorrow in the
follow.  Again he went into the grounds of the deserted house, and we
followed by his dog.  The dog is always with him.  They are both quiet
followed by such peals of thunder that the whole sky overhead seemed
followed her eyes.  She appeared to be looking over at our own seat,
followed the doings of the Count, that the coming destruction of the
followers do not accept, and the Professor is searching for witch and
follows an idea.  I feel like a novice lumbering through a bog in a
foolish in thus depriving myself of the power of waking.  I might want
foolish that I have even half believed some very strange things."
for I could not but feel how absolutely happy it would have been had
for I dare not stop to think.  All, big and little, must go down.
for I knew that here my work lay.  The air was oppressive.  It
for I shrieked out.  The men all jumped to their feet, Lord Godalming
for I was beginnin' masel' to feel uneasy at it.  If the Deil did have
for I was now close enough to distinguish it even through the spells of
for Mrs. Harker began to clap her hands and her eyes sparkled.
for a few seconds, he made rare hay of the place.  All the manuscript
for a minute and then said sorrowfully, "Because my dear, dear Madam
for a moment, for, as Lord Godalming said, "I thought I saw a face,
for a new effort.  He came again better equipped for his work, and
for all that I know of her, I shall be very grateful.  She was very,
for an instant his face fell.  Then he stood up and bowed.
for before I could get my balance he had struck at me and cut my left
for days and nights past, weary days and sleepless nights, he had been
for dinner, and had come to the top of the steps up from the West Pier
for escaping from us.  But his child mind only saw so far.  And it may
for every obstacle which might be placed by accident in the way of his
for everything.  I must go back home and think.  You must send me
for experimental purposes'.  Also the copy of the letter to Carter
for gold at the Danube International Bank.  When Skinsky had come to
for good brave men!"  With a sigh she sank back again to sleep.  I
for had he power to move himself as he wished he could go
for he addressed himself to the question with the impartiality of
for he is to be buried in the churchyard on the cliff.  The
for he lay by my side when next I remember.  There was in the room the
for her to pass into her room.  But the instant she had disappeared he
for her.  Had it but been for myself the choice had been easy,
for him!'  So I am quite free.
for his delay, and that all of his work is completed.  He will
for if he did 'e never said a word about it to his missis when 'e
for it did not seem to illumine the place around it at all, and
for it had entirely disappeared, stood a tall, thin man, all in
for it, a sign of harm to any that I love, I shall die!"
for itself, it does not even need a woman's love to hear its music.
for me again.  It is now three o'clock.
for me that I forget all fear.  I light a fire, for we have
for me!  Why fear for me?  None safer in all the world from
for me, if you will."
for me.  D."  I set to and enjoyed a hearty meal.  When I had done, I
for me.  I am encompassed about with terrors that I dare not think of.
for months past, it never once struck me how I was going to find any
for myself.  As I was leaving the room, he came after me, and half
for myself.  Is not that gentleman Dr. Van Helsing?  I am so thankful
for not often can such a sight have been seen.  The man was simply
for one of the locked doors.
for our enemy is on the sea, with the fog at his command, on his way
for proof.  Of one thing I am glad.  If it was that the Count carried
for safety's sake.  There are, I pray God and St. Joseph and Ste.
for she point to a road and say, "This is the way."
for she said she would only stay a while and then go back
for some of the children, indeed all who have been missed
for speaking.  Then he paused, and a troubled look overspread his
for the Count if the edge of that "Kukri" ever touches his throat,
for the Count, for there is something going on.  The Szgany are
for the children who play at husbandry, and not for those who take it
for the depite."
for the past day and night.  A telegram came from Van Helsing at
for the sake of those dear to me!
for the top logs were fresh, which sent a hollow roar up the wide
for the working of the heart, had gone to make the harshness of death
for their menfolk away in the midst of remorseless wars.  I drew a
for them to 'owl at.  There warn't no one near, except some one that
for there is something so strange about this place and all in it that
for there was a dread loneliness in the place which chilled my heart
for there were many nationalities in the crowd, so I quietly got my
for undoubtedly some nervousness was growing on us, and we saw a whole
for we are losing time.  The Count may come to Piccadilly earlier than
for whatever may come along.  You must not be alone, Art.  It may be
for you, and shall bear you to the Borgo Pass to meet the diligence
for yourself, but for others from yourself, after what has happened?"
for, sleeping and waking my thoughts always came back to the little
forbidden topic.
force subduing or restraining her, or inciting her to action.  This
forced back the leaden flange, and a shock of surprise and dismay shot
forceful, till in the end we could not but see wherein was at least
forcemeat, a very excellent dish, which they call "impletata". (Mem.,
forcing a kitten's nose into a saucer of milk to compel it to drink.
fore-stalling nature.  So I went down to Quincey and took him into the
forehead is puckered up into little wrinkles, as though she thinks
forehead, and hair growing scantily round the temples but profusely
forehead, and his breath came in broken gasps.  It had indeed been an
forehead, and then touched himself the same way.  "I have for myself
forehead.
forehead.  He came away, fondly looking back over his shoulder at her
forehead.  With his left hand he held both Mrs. Harker's hands,
foreigner, might not be quite aware of English legal requirements, and
foreknowledge of the country could hardly fail to have some importance
foremost in through the window.  Then I looked around for the Count,
forever and adequately, this source of reproach.
forever are the gates of heaven shut, for who shall open them to us
forget her care.  Perhaps her example may affect me as her gaiety did
forget that terrible scene!  Mina struggled hard to keep her brave
forget them, nor the grave and sweet responsibilities I have taken
forgive me if I do wrong!  There are terrible things yet to learn of,
forgot all about him.
forgotten in my own affairs how ill she was afterwards.  She must have
forgotten your mercy in poor Lucy's case to him who loved."  She
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
formalities, and the urbane undertaker proved that his staff was
formed for the campaign against the Count.  Not by word, or inference,
forms elude pursuit.  In fear I turned to the Professor.  To my
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
forthwith conveying the goods to destination.  In order to obviate
fortune I can leave just at once, without wrong to any of those who
forward and said bravely, though his hand trembled, and his face was
forward with a protective impulse, holding the Crucifix and Wafer in
forward, and holding out his hand grasped mine with a strength which
forward, and on each side the passengers, craning over the edge of the
forward, and stepped into the open door.
foul lives . . .
found Madam Mina still sleeping, and the sun low down.  But
found Van Helsing with a sheet or two of note paper in his hand.  He
found a vent at once.  He grew quite hysterical, and raising his open
found four servant women lying on the floor.  There was no need to
found him asleep twice when I awoke.  But I did not fear to go to
found him in the same place, pressed against the old chapel door.
found him walking hurriedly up and down the room, his face all ablaze
found locked.
found on the table.  The maids were still breathing, but more
found ourselves just in the river opposite Galatz.  The Roumanians
found that few of them had seen any of fog at all, except where it lay
found the Huns settled in it.
found the Huns, whose warlike fury had swept the earth like a living
found, to my great delight, to be thoroughly old-fashioned, for of
found, with some difficulty, Potter's Court.  Mr. Smollet's spelling
found.  It seems to have disappeared entirely from the town.  It may
four small horses, which ran abreast, and we set off on our journey.
fragments.  Van Helsing seemed surprised, and his brows gathered as if
frankly, for quite a light came into his face, and he put
frantic about it, and I am at my wits' end.  I can't even hazard a
free.  I can go with you now, if you like."
freedom ceases the change back or relapse comes quickly, preceded
freedom from burning, harrowing, anxiety does help to restore one's
freedom which refreshed me.  I determined not to return tonight to the
freedom.  When her old self can be manifest without any controlling
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
freely when my body is confined.  I am sure you will understand!"
frequent the East Cliff churchyard, and from the commanding eminence
fresh breeze had braced her up, and her pale cheeks were really more
friend Arthur and Quincey are on their way to us.  Today is our day,
friend Hans Andersen, he be no duck thought at all, but a big swan
friend John, that you loved her, and I have not forgotten it for is I
friend John.  I should have remembered.  And yet it is this very
friend John.  If you trust me not, then I must tell what I think, and
friend Jonathan, who lived with him for weeks, did never see him eat,
friend Peter Hawkins.  The other,"--here he caught sight of the
friend and Dr. Seward's, and if they brought him all the way from
friend as that I sent to you sad news of Miss Lucy
friend might be dangerous.  I got a ladder myself, and crossing the
friend to keepers.
friend whose happiness is yours, but I must only wait on hopeless and
friend!  Am I to proceed in my work?"
friend, but I felt it all the more, like unshed tears.
friend, is it not a dire need for that which I am giving, possibly my
friend, it will be a blessed hand for her that shall strike the blow
friend.  And let me say that I am at a loss for words to thank you for
friend.  Not an hour shall you wait in my house against your will,
friends who have been so kind!  I shall not even feel the change, for
friends, we go forth to our terrible enterprise.  Are we all armed, as
friends, we have work to do.  Goodnight."
friends, we shall not have long to wait now.  We should have ready
friends.  We can do no more till tomorrow.  There is a funeral at
friends?"
fright, for, seeing Lord Godalming suddenly turn and look out of the
frightened at seeing me, and flitted away across the harbour towards
frightful to see and hear.  However, the action of both heart and
from Bukovina to Bistritz.  But I am in hopes that I shall see more of
from Castle Dracula, and says that he is just starting for home.  That
from Iceland the fighting spirit which Thor and Wodin gave them, which
from Jonathan, for if he knew that I had been crying twice in one
from Launceston and will be here at 10:18, so that I shall have
from London, buys for me through your good self my place at London.
from York and Leeds that be always eatin' cured herrin's and drinkin'
from a hammer.  The silence finally became agonizing.  I looked at my
from behind them came a low desolate wail which made the terrible
from below, as if shot up by the concussion, and running forward,
from both my bedroom and the drawing room I can see the
from breaking down.  I paused before answering, for I felt that I must
from her breast and tore it in two.  Van Helsing stepped over and took
from her, but that when she waked she clutched them close. There was
from hers as he spoke.
from his agonized face.  He raised his hand and pointed to the bed,
from his face, and full of energy.  If this journal be true, and
from his room he began by asking me questions on legal matters and on
from it I gather that he is bearing up wonderfully well.  Quincey
from me to arrogate to myself the attributes of the Deity.  I am not
from me.  My soul seemed to go out from my body and float about the
from my sight.  The last glimpse I had was of the bloated face,
from no danger shall we shrink."
from our rules as to give the required information to his lordship."
from over the top of her head downward, with each hand in turn.  Mina
from success!"
from the Burial of the Dead.  I cannot go on . . . words . . . and
from the East Cliff, foretold in an emphatic manner the coming of a
from the Professor's side of the ground, and hurriedly went towards
from the Vampire in that Holy circle.  And yet even there
from the coach road from the Bukovina to Bistritz, which is more
from the cursed spot, from this cursed land, where the devil and his
from the death chamber,
from the disordered state of things in the household.  There were no
from the flash of our lamps as the rays fell on them, that the horses
from the light.  Ah, but hear me through.
from the past.  Is it not so?  Well, now I promise you that when I am
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
from the spade of the sexton drop upon her coffin and say 'Thud,
from the standpoints and within the range of knowledge of those who made them.
from the strait waistcoat that keeps him restrained, and he's chained
from the window and begin to crawl down the castle wall over the
from us, are all red-roofed, and seem piled up one over the other
from what you have told me of your experiences already, you know
from yours or mine.  Even if we did have a special, it would probably
front and walk out and in through the door, before the very eyes of
front, and pointed first to the sun, now close down on the hill tops,
frowning rocks guarded us boldly on either side.  Though we were in
fruit blossom--apple, plum, pear, cherry.  And as we drove by I could
fulfilled was simply the logical result of his care.  I saw the
full and warm, and the red light streamed in through the window and
full of life, and sleep well.  You will be glad to know that I have
full of rage, dashed past him as if to enter the tomb.
full of strangeness of the geologic and chemical world.  There are
full of woe and terror.  But when that beautiful sun began
fully when in her hypnotic state.
funeral gloom.  Never did tree or grass wave or rustle so ominously.
funeral, and so will end this one more 'mystery of the sea'.
funeral, the dog, now furious and now in terror, will all afford
funeral.  She was, if possible, more radiantly beautiful than ever,
fur coats and wraps, and all sorts of warm things.  There will not be
furs keep us comfortable.  At dawn Van Helsing hypnotized me.  He says
furs, and Madam Mina, lying down, yield herself as usual,
further clue.  You must not be angry with me, Art, because his very
further than to say that she might be UnDead."
further, and then went in and sat for a while in the Green Park.  It
further, for so I should in my thoughts dishonour a noble woman!
further, when he is gone away from us?"
gable end to the road.  There was everywhere a bewildering mass of
gained the safety of the harbour.  The searchlight followed her, and
gallant gentleman.
game here was finish.  And so he decide he go back home.  He find ship
game, which we play for the stake of human souls.  And now let us go
gangplank again and asked to see where his box had been stowed.  Then
gard'ner wot didn't remember said he was a-gallopin' northward
gate we shall remain.  Then there is more to do, but not like this of
gather its kind around it and breed.  You and I shall keep as yet what
gathered in clusters in a nebulous sort of way.  I watched them with a
gathered that he felt some fear or apprehension as to what was to
gathered till they seemed to take dim phantom shapes.  And then I
gathering a few stones, formed them into some device.
gathering wrath which was manifest when he hurled that fair woman from
gave back the feeble glimmer of a candle, the effect was more
gave her what Van Helsing called "the Vampire's baptism of blood."
gave more colour to the pale cheeks.  When he saw her, Arthur was
gazed at him fixedly for a few minutes, during which my own heart beat
general cheerfulness than any of us had ever expected to experience
generally.
genial and very appreciative of what we had done, and took off our
gentle heaving of her bosom could one know that she was alive.  The
gentle that a horse could easily walk up and down them.
gentleman who had come with a message from Mr. Holmwood.  I bade her
gentleman.  I said to him, for I could see that his heart was
gentleman.  I wonder if it was Mrs. Harker's presence which had
gently and rang as quietly as possible, for I feared to disturb Lucy
gently, but her breathing was stronger.  I could see the counterpane
gesture, placed us each in position.  Van Helsing, Harker, and I were
get a chill, so I ran upstairs, but as I came into the room she was
get all the sleep I could.  I found my dear one, oh, so thin and
get cold.  But still, the anxiety and the perpetually being awakened
get her away from it when it is time to come home for lunch or tea or
get his report tomorrow if he can possibly make it.  In any case I
get much sleep till before morning.  When I wake I try to
get recipe for this also.)
get tea.  When she had gone Van Helsing said, "You see, my friends.  He
get up all right, by aid of a rope and steering with knowledge.  Some
get us into the Black Sea quick, he was like to do it whether we would
gets rid of his spiders.
getting close."
getting colder every hour, and there are snow flurries which come and
getting home to them.  Is it not so?"  As he spoke he handed me three
ghastly occasion.  My companion followed me quickly, and cautiously
ghastly, and so thin that her lips were drawn away, showing her teeth
ghost-like clouds which amongst the Carpathians seem to wind
gifts, which they pressed upon me with an earnestness which would take
girl.  I give my blood for her, though I am old and worn.  I give my
girls about who would worship the very ground he trod on?  I know I
girls without the pedantry of it biting into yourself a bit.  But it
girls, or they would be getting all sorts of extravagant ideas, and
give 'isself.  He didn't get angry, as I 'oped he would, but
give a certificate of death by misadventure in falling from bed.  In
give him every facility in doing whatever he chose on board the ship,
give him except myself, my life, and my trust, and that with these
give it to them, then they shall know as we do."
give love rein, and in thought and feeling he can wander where he
give me more pain than I have already endured, than I suffer now!
give them back to you.  It is a hard thing that I ask, but you will do
give you, at his own risk and on his own responsibility, the privilege
given a public funeral.  Already it is arranged that his body
given him half a sovereign, "an I'll tell yer all I know.  I heard a
given in and made no further resistance.  The sun was almost down on
given orders to the night attendant merely to shut him in the padded
gives when taken unawares, then her eyes ranged over us.  Lucy's eyes
gladness and mirth and peace everywhere, for we were at rest ourselves
gladness leapt like flame.  For oh! the terror in her sweet
gladness of our hearts must have shown upon our faces when on the
glass of strong grog, or rather more of the same, and with each a
glass, he went on, "And this is the wretched thing that has done the
glass.  It was a slight matter in itself, but it gave me an evident
glasses and pointed.  The snow was now falling more heavily, and
gleaming smile.  The passenger turned his face away, at the same time
gleaming, and he went on as though he owned the whole place, and I was
gleams of moonlight between the dents of the heavy clouds that scudded
gloating lips.  You heard their ribald laugh as they clutched the
gloom-haunted rooms, but to sleep here, where, of old, ladies had sat
gnarled and twisted like the bark of a tree.  He tells me that he is
go after ten o'clock, when there are many about, and such things would
go as warnings.
go far, far away from me, and for a long, long time, maybe you would
go forth to achieve."
go than to follow him, as he might lose sight of him whilst getting out
go to grass all in a night.  One of those big bats that they call
go to make up a century.  I rejoice also that there is a chapel of old
go to meet my husband who is, I know, coming towards us."
go to sleep."  The only stop he would make was a moment's pause to
go to the train and get the tickets and arrange that all be ready for
go yet, with so much on my shoulders, and Jonathan wants
go, and you must leave at my sign.  Say no word to Madame.  You know
go, let me go!"
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
goes on and on till he have sees dynasties, and why the parrot never
going and to that poor mother's cry, though they come to him, they run
going away, as he has to be for a day in Amsterdam.  But I need not be
going by the route he came, and he go in it.
going down, and from his window saw the red disc sink.  As it sank he
going home, a subject he has never mentioned to my knowledge during
going of the Count.  I hardly see this yet, but when I get at the
going the round and may want to see you:  Mina."
going to ask him to let me look at it, for I knew that I might find
going to."
going to?"  She was in such evident distress that I tried to comfort
gold, the husbandman he pull the ear and rub him between his rough
golden crucifix, and said with wonderful calmness, "Do not fear, my
gone away to prepare for the meeting, and his painful part of it.  I
gone from us.
gone!  That key must be in the Count's room.  I must watch should his
good Sister's letter till I can feel it wet against my bosom, where it
good and kind and of a noble nature.  When he comes tomorrow I shall
good cause might turn the scale with me, for may not I too be of an
good corn, he will make a good crop when the time comes.'"
good deal of ready money, as we are to buy a carriage and horses.  We
good deal to the left.  He vanished into some hole or window.  When
good even now, when she is the dead UnDead, she shall have it freely."
good fellow to another, is there any one else that you care for?
good husbandman dig up his planted corn to see if he grow.  That is
good lesson for the children that are to be.  I am glad, glad, that I
good night's rest.  Then he went on.
good of mankind, and for the honour and glory of God."
good of you and others, you have won from your suffering at his hands.
good ships have from time to time suffered, and, with the wind
good that they should brave danger and, perhaps lessen their safety,
good they was, some of them trimmlin' an' dithering, with their hands
good to me.  Thank God!  Goodnight Arthur.
good, for I forgot how tired I was.  After dinner they sent me to bed,
good.  It may be!  I shall try to think as she does.  We have never
good.  Therefore for his sake you must eat and smile.  You have told
goodbye, as the coffin had to be prepared, so he went back and took
goodbye, so the latter went to the kitchen to tell the undertaker's
goodbye.  Here comes the coach!
goods, say, to Newcastle, or Durham, or Harwich, or Dover, might it
got 'ome, and it was only after the escape of the wolf was made
got a bath and carried Lucy out as she was and placed her in it.
got out of my difficulty by attending to something else.  I took the
got to Paris the same night, and took the places secured for us in the
got up and looked out, and He raised his hands, and seemed to call out
got up twice and dressed herself.  Fortunately, each time I awoke in
got younger, and how?  Van Helsing is the man to unmask him and hunt
gown, and Mr. Morris and Lord Godalming were with Dr. Seward at the
grace of God, will come higher than his child-brain that lie in his
grace.
gradually her eyes closed, and she sank to sleep.  For a little bit
grand in its masses of splendidly coloured clouds, that there was
grandeur, perched a thousand feet on the summit of a sheer precipice,
grandfather sailed with me, drowned in the Gulf of Finland in '50.  Do
grano, since I am writing from the dictation of a clerk of the
granted that I am simply waiting for news, In haste,
grasp the corners of the stones, worn clear of the mortar by the
grateful bow, and said, "May I read it?"
grateful to you, you so clever woman.  Madame," he said this very
grating noise of long disuse, and the great door swung back.
grave doubts.  But I fear to affright her, and so I am silent of
gravely and somewhat severely.
gravely on the packet of papers as he spoke, "may be the beginning of
gravely, his face brightening up as he read.
great England, and to know her is to love her.  I long to go through
great black cloud sailed across the sky.  And when the gaslight sprang
great bundle of white flowers.
great couch out of its place near the corner, so that as I lay, I
great dining room table.
great elms of the cathedral close, with their great black
great iron-bound oaken door, which Dr. Seward had described from the
great men and good women, and their graves make sacred the earth where
great orchestra seems to leap under the baton of the conductor.  After
great spider lived for centuries in the tower of the old Spanish
great weight off my mind.  And yet, if it be true, what
great white moustache and grasping anything on which he laid his hands
great wings.  At first I could not believe my eyes.  I thought it was
great.  The poor child cannot rally.  God help us all.
greater degree.  I did not pretend to be watching him, but I kept
greater difficulty, only a minute before the sun rose.  The Professor
greater world of thought is open to him.  He that can smile at death,
greatly fear I have distressed you."
greatly impressed me.
greenish-yellow by the contrast of his burning eyes, and the red scar
greeting, and a health as true as your own right hand.  We shall
grew and grew upon me.  I could almost hear the beating of my own
grew grave and stern again I asked him why his mirth, and why at such
grew, and grew.  Till soon a dense fog enveloped the ship and all
grey look which deepened and deepened in the morning light, till when
grey.  Perhaps, he guessed better than any of us what was coming.
grim clasp to the iron stanchions.  It was found necessary to clear
gripped her by the back of the neck, forcing her face down on his
groan which he could not suppress.  He was thinking of his wife.
groaned.  There was no place for words in his sublime misery.
grotesque to me, and presently I said, "Well, Professor, I know you
ground is hardening to receive it.  It seems to have affected
ground, he looked keenly at him a moment, and then turned to me.  I
ground, so as not to lose a chance.  I went down even into the vaults,
groundless, for he held up his two hands imploringly, and made his
grounds."
group of homecoming peasants, the Cszeks with their white, and the
grow glassy again so I gently put it back.  Then Van Helsing said in a
grow with my understanding.  You will let me be like a brother, will
growing knowledge would be torture to her.
growling over it as a dog growls over a bone.  The child gave a sharp
grown, even before it has ripened, while the milk of its mother earth
growths like the Hapsburgs and the Romanoffs can never reach.  The
grump-like that only for your bloomin' 'arf-quid I'd 'a' seen you
guard against the evil eye.  Then, as we flew along, the driver leaned
guard it whilst we two stepped between the incomer and the door.
guess.  There has been a series of little circumstances which have
guest, when a sweet-faced, dainty looking girl stepped up to me, and
gulped it down and went on, "There are here some who would stand
gums seemed to have shrunken back from the teeth, as we sometimes see
gypsies on all sides."  I got out my revolver ready to hand, for
habit of looking one straight in the face, as if trying to read
habit of walking in her sleep.  Her mother has spoken to me about it,
had a double crew on board.  This was before they came to Fundu, so
had a horrible sinking in my heart, and from Van Helsing's face I
had a proposal till today, not a real proposal, and today I had
had actually a bunch of them round her neck.  I feared that the heavy
had arrived, a big parcel from abroad came for the Professor.  He
had been burned, and the blue flames were flickering amongst the white
had been only three of these Undead phantoms around us in the
had been somewhat sultry, but not to any degree uncommon in the
had better be assured."
had better not come with us in case there should be any difficulty.
had brain fever, and that is to be mad.  The secret is here, and I
had but restored the beauty of life, till positively I could not
had come to me that I was helpless I sat down quietly, as quietly as I
had convinced them that, evil eye or no evil eye, the property and the
had diagnosed the case.  My treatment is working."
had disappeared.  I heard the rustle of actual movement where I had
had done his work as well as he could, so far as thought, and
had done my part, and now my next duty was to keep up my strength.  I
had escaped.  I threw on my clothes and ran down at once.  My patient
had evidently grown thicker and poured into the room.  Then it
had evidently read it, and was thinking it over as he sat with his
had fallen sadly into arrear.  Suddenly the door was burst open, and
had gained a new painful experience.  The Count could, it was evident,
had gone away two days before, no one knew whither.  This was
had got through his disgusting task, he said cheerfully, "Let the lady
had heard anything.  He said that he had been sitting down, he
had helped us to understand the terrible events at Whitby when Count
had his papers a' reet, an' glad I was to be rid o' the dam' thing,
had lost a father.  I never knew either father or mother,
had made her truly his bride?"
had made my diary a duty I should not open it tonight.  We had a lovely
had my knife severed the head of each, before the whole body
had not hunger.  I did not press her, knowing her unavailingness.
had now and again felt in the morning after a day of overwork.  But my
had of late been so accustomed to watch for sunrise and sunset, that
had on my dear mother's breast.  When they were there I
had passed, instead of leaving traces of 'decay's effacing fingers',
had picked up the phrase and used it as occasion served.  This
had promised to pay for his information and given him an earnest, he
had proved too much, and he had begun too early on his expected
had put her affairs in absolute order.  He informed us that, with the
had seen the knives of the gypsies flash as he won a way through them,
had seen the women take away.  There could be no doubt as to his
had seen them last.
had sent a wire to my housekeeper to have a sitting room and a bedroom
had some many opportunities of studying.  I was at first interested
had spoken in a light manner, and he hoped that if he had made a
had spoken were coming.  With a last look around and at the box which
had started and travelled hard, they would be about now at the Borgo
had such a stream poured in her ear, even by a black man.  I suppose
had supped, and found a cold breakfast laid out, with coffee kept hot
had the common story to tell of being lured away by the
had the honour of seconding your father at the Windham; I grieve to
had we not caught him.  The great drops of sweat sprang from his
had written to me.  Mrs. Harker gave us a cup of tea, and I can
had yet displayed, "Quick, Doctor, quick, I am dying!  I feel that I
had yet gone, and during his absence, the horses began to tremble
had, however . . ."  He stopped suddenly, looking at the poor drooping
had, it was pretty rough on him not to get a chance."
had, that this terrible affair and the reopening of his old wound
had, whet his appetite only and enkeen his desire.  Nay, it help him
haggard as she did this morning.  Tomorrow will, I hope, mend all
hailed a hansom.  Jonathan kept looking after him, and said, as if to
hair, so that it lay on the pillow in its usual sunny ripples.  When
hairbreadth space at the tomb door.  He can, when once he find his
hairs in the centre of the palm.  The nails were long and fine, and
half inclined again to throw aside doubt and to accept Van Helsing's
half open, stood back, having both hands ready for action.  The
half reclining with her head lying over the back of the seat.  She was
half so hard to refuse him as it did poor Dr. Seward.  So I said, as
half thought has been buzzing often in my brain, but I fear to let him
half-dreaming kind of way, as if trying to recall it to herself.
half-sovereign worked off, and this brother of his is waiting to be
hand as he spoke, for we all could hear a key softly inserted in the
hand on her head as he said solemnly.  "My child, there is such an one
hand on the phonograph.  I felt quite excited over it, and blurted
hand that of all she would herself have chosen, had it been to her to
hand to his brow.  There was a look of grim satisfaction in his face,
hand to me, with a red light of triumph in his eyes, and with a smile
hand would have any effect on him.  I dared not wait to see him
hand, as one who registers an oath.  Then he turned to Arthur, and
hand, but least of all your own.  Until the other, who has fouled your
hand, one being a very large house only recently added to and formed
hand.  Unless we can find the Count's key basket."
handed me a clean envelope.
handed out and put in the caleche.  Then I descended from the side of
handed to me.  Each of the others was similarly equipped.
handful of some whitish stuff, like dough or putty.  He crumbled the
handing it to me, pointed to the iron bars which guarded the window.
handkerchief and waved it.  She did not notice or make any movement
handkerchief which Van Helsing made her keep on, was a rough chaplet
handle the earth boxes himself.  If so, time was precious, for now
handle, if the door does not open, do you put your shoulder down and
handled them, and by their resonance as they were roughly moved.
hands all cares as to details.  During lunch he told us that Mrs.
hands and raised me up, and made me sit on the sofa, and sat by me.  He
hands and sobbing in a way that was heart breaking to hear.  I raised
hands that held him, an inert mass, on the floor.  It is wonderful,
hands to hide my tears of bitter disappointment.
hands trembled, and then with some hesitation he asked me if I cared
hands with me she looked sharply in my face and said,
hands, and blow away the green chaff, and say to you, 'Look!  He's
hands, beat his palms together in a perfect agony of grief.  He stood
handsome, well off, and of good birth.  He is a doctor and really
handy in a crowd, and there may be wolves.  The Count, if you
hanging over my darling, and her going out into that awful place . . .
happen.  If we could only go faster.  But we cannot.  The engines are
happen.  The day of arrival at Varna made us individually satisfied
happened.  I dare not say anything of it.  You will read for yourself
happily married.  I took the papers from the safe where they had been
happiness were flying from us, since whilst we talked action was
happiness, well, he'd better look for it soon, or he'll have to deal
happiness.  No news from Jonathan, and Lucy seems to be growing weaker,
happy evening together.
happy that you have done all for her you love.  Come now and be
happy, and I don't know what I have done to deserve it.  I
harbour, pitched herself on that accumulation of sand and gravel
hard eyes, the white teeth, the ruddy colour, the voluptuous
hard pace straight along, then we made a complete turn and went along
hard struggle for it.
hard-driven horses rose in a white cloud.  We could see now the sandy
harder, and looked at him pityingly, as if he were the injured one,
hardly one authentic document.  Nothing but a mass of typewriting,
harm already, in the narrow scope where he find himself, and in the
harmless and rather wanting in natural self-assertion.
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
harrowing times for us all.  For each sunrise and sunset opens up some
has been about me.  She showed me in the doctor's letter that all I
has been brooding over me ever since, all came in a tumult.  I suppose
has been creeping into knowledge experimentally.  How he has been
has been flapping those grim wings to some purpose of late, Lucy's
has been quite a gala time with them.  Even this poor little mite,
has been usually necessary, she sank into the trance.  Usually she
has come to us such as I feared might be and yet we have ascertained
has fallen away, it disappeared in the darkness, which seemed
has given us opportunity to cry 'check' in some ways in this chess
has happened to him?  Poor, poor devil!"
has he to gain from me some good so stupendous that my well being is
has laid himself out to achieve it in a cumulative way.  He gave many
has not been enriched by the blood of men, patriots or invaders.  In
has seized him.  If so, we must look out for squalls, for a strong man
has told is the worse for it."
has written with the typewriter all since she brought the MS to us.
has.  I do not know myself if I shall ever speak slang.  I do not
hasty toilet, I went into the other room.
hat, that he wants to talk.
have I said?  What have I done?  I know nothing, only that I was lying
have a rude four-in-hand.  The dear horses are patient and good, and
have a sentience and a vitality of its own.  I think that the
have all.  And yet I can laugh at her very grave, laugh when the clay
have always believed the 'no' of it.  It is more hard still to accept
have as yet done in your times of freedom, when the sun rise and set.
have become the face of Malvolio, as he answered me, "The fly, my dear
have been bidden.  Under the circumstances, Van Helsing and I took it
have been chilled with cold, and her mind somewhat appalled at waking
have been dreadful, of wolves and poison and blood, of ghosts and
have been in an agony.  The dad was better, so I ran down here to see
have been in many tight places in our time, but it is no place for a
have been over all the diaries again and again.  Somehow, although the
have been prodigious.
have been seated at one time, but the flapping and buffeting of the
have been so good to us shall have remainder.
have been upon me as well as the rest of them.  I felt no fear, but
have but a few minutes, and then I must go back to death, or worse!
have carried me here.  I tried to satisfy myself on the subject, but
have copied out the words on my typewriter, and none other need now
have crossed his path he would be yet, he may be yet if we fail, the
have done much to advance us on our way.  You must be scribe and write
have ever done anything in my life, and began to think over what was
have every item put in chronological order, we shall have done much.
have fallen asleep.  I hope so, but I fear, for all that followed was
have fooled us when he played with us for Miss Lucy's life, and
have friends, good friends, like you, Dr. Seward."  This was said with
have frightened you terribly.  But the fact is that whilst the
have full sway?  Do you know where you are going, and what you are
have had cause for tears, God knows!  But the relief of them was
have had one lesson already in accepting facts that should make a man
have happened?  Surely there is some horrible doom hanging over us
have her nerve broken.  The doctors were quite right to insist on her
have in hand, help to unnerve a man."
have killed their wives and their womenkind, to keep them from falling
have learn all at once so much that again I am dazzled,
have lost such a sweetness out of his life!  God help us all to bear
have made a step she stopped, and stood as one stricken.
have made a wonderful solicitor, for there was nothing that he did not
have made careful examination, but there is no functional cause.
have most cause to fear."
have no fears, no dreads, to whom sleep is a blessing that comes
have no right to make it."
have not been found until early in the following morning.
have not fail.  Remember, my friend, that knowledge is stronger than
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
have not stinted.  Is it not so?"
have not yet seen.  Whilst they are resting, I shall go over all
have or die.  My friend John and I have consulted, and we are about to
have passed me without my noticing.  They simply seemed to fade into
have procured for me."  With an apology for my remissness, I went into
have seen with no tremble of hand or heart, do operations of life and
have seen you."
have since been removed, as from Dr. Seward's diary I fear.
have so goodly written for me, and which breathes out truth in every
have some settled scheme of his own, but what it is I do not know.
have some time when you're flying out here, with the souls of
have spared you such a thought had there been another way.  But I pray
have still the aids of necromancy, which is, as his etymology imply,
have tell them.  He, our enemy, have gone away.  He have gone back to
have three days?  I shall clear them away."  Of course, I said that
have to be carried over the river in some way.  Believe me, my
have to be produced.  I am in hopes that we need have no inquest, for
have to call on you yourself this time, friend John."  As he spoke, he
have to lift her up, and place her sleeping in the carriage when
have told me, and when I have thought I will ask you questions, if I
have trusted me.  Were fortune other, then it were bad for those who
have trusted, for I come to my friend when he call me to aid those
haven't heard from Jonathan for a whole month.
having "dozed" for a while.  It is too bad that men cannot be trusted
having given him the two diaries copied out, and of how anxious she
hay-ricks in the trees, and here and there very beautiful masses of
he added, "But I don't want their souls buzzing round me, all the
he and his wife crossed themselves, and, saying that they knew nothing
he answered me his face grew stern, and he said in quite a different
he began pouring out a perfect torrent of love-making, laying his
he began to shout, 'I'll frustrate them! They shan't rob me!
he brightened up.  "I am pretty indifferent about it at present.  Life
he came out of the room again I told him of Arthur's question, and he
he come just the same.  Keep it always with you that laughter who
he coming last and locking the door behind him.
he contented himself after looking the place over and making up
he could get on the subject of the neighbourhood, for he evidently at
he could hear the opening of the door of our room.  He came at once.
he could, but I could see all the same that he was very nervous.  He
he cried suddenly, struggling to a sitting posture and pointing to me.
he cut himself off from knowing your mind, there can be no knowledge
he did not break out into a fury, as I expected, but took the matter
he do not want to pass, and which he could not if he would.  Unless
he does not speak any foreign language.  The forces were distributed
he fears us.  He fears time, he fears want!  For if not, why he hurry
he fitted a key to the lock.  This he finally handed to Lord
he flourish in Germany all over, in France, in India, even in the
he found him lying on the floor, face down, just as the doctors had
he had placed the Wafer on Mina's forehead, it had seared it . . . had
he had suffered some terrible injury.
he handed it to me to read.  One passage of it, at least, gave me a
he has been.  He must, indeed, have been that Voivode Dracula who won
he has seen and touched must comfort me till we meet.
he have the purpose to do more, he continue to do the same again every
he held out his hand,
he holds dear.  Tell your friend that when that time you suck from
he is close at hand and within call.  Thank everybody for being so
he is usually such a well-behaved man, and except his violent
he knew Count Dracula, and could tell me anything of his castle, both
he knew that all was in train, he blotted out his traces, as he
he let me stroke his ears same as ever.  That there man kem
he looked.  Presently he said to Van Helsing, "Is this really Lucy's
he may be recruited of what he has so given to his love.  He must not
he means to succeed, and a man who has centuries before him can afford
he must have known how terribly anxious I was.  Poor dear fellow!  I
he must have somewhere.  Why not in this place so central, so quiet,
he now has.  He is confined within the limitations of his earthly
he rubbed all over the jamb of the door, above, below, and at each
he said to me, as calmly as though we had been having a sick room
he said to me, speaking with a studied calmness which I felt tried his
he said, "That is Dr. Van Helsing.  How good it is of you to be here.
he said, "You're not the girl the doctor wanted to marry, are you?  You
he sat down, and covered his face with his hands, sobbing in a way
he saw her now.  Some of the 'New Women' writers will some day start an
he smiled a kind of insolent smile, with a mouth full of white,
he stood between them like a lion at bay.
he took it from me and pointed out a paragraph about children being
he took my arm and led me in, saying huskily,
he wants me to believe so, and I shall never ask.
he wants my aids and you call for them than all his great fortune
he was going to begin the search then and there.
he was not free to move, his position would still be desperate.
he was, and introduced myself, he took me by the shoulder, and turned
he went on unhesitatingly, but, as for me, I was in quite a mixup as
he went to Mile End next.  This took him some time, for he would then
he went without a word, and sat down, gnawing his fingers, in the
he were focussing some account, as the auditors put it.
he will have one of his violent fits."  I knew the man would not have
he will only let out enough at a time to whet curiosity.  He went to
he will within his limit, when he have his earth-home, his
he would not rise.  For a moment or two he looked very sad, and said
he would open his eyes and speak, but then would follow a prolonged
he, and the peoples for him at this day.  He have follow the wake of
head against the ground.  If I had not seized him just at the
head and body have been separated, and we are sure that he cannot
head on his breast, cried for a while silently, whilst we stood
head, "And now, Madam Mina, poor dear, dear, Madam Mina, tell us
head, and if his face was like that before the fall out of bed, there
head, as of one who listens, and leaping to his feet, he cried out to
healed."
health with all our hearts to the happiest man in all the wide
health, lest she should suffer from the exposure, but for her
healths on the shore of Titicaca.  There are more yarns to be told,
hear it from you.  May God judge me by my deserts, and punish me with
hear men's voices calling, near and far, and the roll and creak of
hear their bare feet pattering outside my door.  I called to
hear them.  The first half-dozen of them are personal to me, and they
hear your heart beat, as I did."
hear, and yet to conceal them from her might be worse than to tell her
heard him say masel' that he hoped he'd go to hell, for his mother was
heard the Professor's low hiss of inspiration, and knowing its rarity,
heard the rusty bolt creak as he fastened it behind him.  A door
heard there is to drowning men, and then everything seemed passing away
heard, and the band on the pier, with its lively French air, was
heard, the inventor of a burnt rum punch, much patronized on Derby
hearing the sudden barking of the dogs and a lot of queer sounds, like
hearing, for the roar of the tempest, and the crash of the thunder,
heart and feel oh so lonely when I want all help and courage that may
heart are all right, this I swear, before I have even seen
heart bleed for that poor boy, that dear boy, so of the age of mine
heart put down for his dear eyes to read.  I feel strangely sad and
heart stood still, and I would have screamed out, only that I was
heart to conduct it?  Again, when, after the battle of Mohacs, we
heart to go through with the details.  Lucy had got a terrible shock
heart to think that I had had to keep anything from her and so caused
heart, and the blood surging through my temples sounded like blows
heart, nothing but loathing for the foul Thing which had taken Lucy's
heart-broken wail of a very loving and sorely stricken man.  Oh, God,
heart.  He felt her heart, and after a few moments of agonizing
heart.  My journey is all mapped out, and my luggage ready.  I am only
heart."  As he spoke he lifted a little silver crucifix and held it
heat is grateful, though we have heavy fur coats.  As yet we have
heaven wide, that blind and kill and destroy some.  But that show up
heavily.  At the end of this he threw open a heavy door, and I
heaviness in the air.  I say heaviness for want of a better word.  I
heavy and sleepy and pale, and far from well.  I determined not to
heavy black moustaches.  They are very picturesque, but do not look
heavy cloud passed across the face of the moon, so that we were again
heavy door which stood ajar, and found myself in an old ruined chapel,
heavy hammer, such as in households is used in the coal cellar for
heed.  Moreover, these are only to prevent her coming out.
height of his advancement and keeping pace in all ways with the duties
held it exultantly for a few moments between his finger and thumb, and
held my hand in his, and said to me with, oh, such infinite sweetness,
held up, "Remember, she is your charge.  If you leave her, and harm
hellish rage, which came over the Count's face.  His waxen hue became
help her.  Amongst other things, she clutched the wreath of
help me through the horrible task.  If you only knew what an effort it
help to us, after tonight she must not have to do with this so
help us.  By road, by rail, by water?
help, and we shall find our way, all dark and unknown otherwise, after
help.  And then, when he found that this be all right, he try to move
helpless grief, and putting my arms around held her tight.  For a few
helplessness in which he must be, confined as he is between
her all the same.  What is it that's wrong with her?  The Dutchman,
her and taking her hand in his said solemnly, "I'm only a rough
her as she was, and is."
her breast heaved softly, and her breath came and went like a tired
her cheeks are fading, and she gets weaker and more languid day by day.
her comfort, round where Madam Mina sat.  And over the ring I
her confidence in masquerade.
her dead hand in his and kissed it, and bent over and kissed her
her dear heart had ceased to beat, weighed me down, and I
her dreaming intention.  Dressing-gown would mean house, dress outside.
her dresses and how her house is to be arranged.  I sympathise with
her eyes, which were now dull and hard at once, and said in a soft,
her face.  It is now but very, very slight.  But it is to be seen if
her hand.
her head down softly on her pillow.  She lay like a sleeping child for
her husband, Lucy's father, had the same habit, that he would get up
her illness, for my mind was full of the fresh horror of that
her in her sleep."
her in life, with her face of unequalled sweetness and purity.  True
her inquietude.  Thank God, this will be the last night of her looking
her intently.  The velvet band again covered the red mark.  I asked
her lips and gums, and the bones of her face stood out prominently.
her loveliness.  It frightened and amazed me somewhat.  And as for
her mind a bit.  She seems to see the storm coming, but can't decide
her mother by five minutes, her property would, in case there were no
her mother might be buried together.  I attended to all the ghastly
her mother's death.  So we tried what we could to comfort her.
her mother.  The latter lay farthest in, and she was covered with a
her neck, for I dreaded lest she should get some deadly chill from the
her present state of health would be fatal.  Mrs. Westenra has
her room.  She was sleeping soundly, so soundly that even my coming
her seeing her only in the drawing room, I wonder what he would say if
her shape, saw us she drew back with an angry snarl, such as a cat
her the silence now often, as so it was with Miss Lucy.  She did not
her to the stars.  It was the hand of him that loved her best, the
her tongue as it licked her teeth and lips, and I could feel the hot
her truth to what we knew.  One and all we felt that the holy calm
her veins beginning to work.  The Count had his own purposes when he
her voice, but with a bitter underlying the sweet, a bitter
her way to Varna.  Lord Godalming has just returned.  He had four
her will is thwarted in any physical way, her intention, if there be
her, and she has just reminded me, as if I needed any reminding, of
her, and which he may not take away altogether, though he think not
her, but without effect.  Finally, she went down on her knees and
her, for I do the same, only Jonathan and I will start in life in a
her.  But she's knocking about in the queerest way.  She doesn't know
her.  I am to relieve them in a quarter of an hour, and I am entering
her.  It well be a fearful ordeal, be not deceived in that, but it
her.  She will be all right when he arrives.
her.  She will need be heated before we can do anything more."
her.  That is the reason of his coming.  It is concerning Lucy and her
her.  The bed was empty.  I lit a match and found that she was not in
her.  We are hedged in with difficulties, all of us, my poor fellow,
her."
herb in his glass houses all the year.  I had to telegraph yesterday,
here . . .
here all night, and you must not let your sight pass from her."
here and there masses not large, but of seemingly absolute
here and there ran down the hillsides like tongues of flame.  The road
here by my friend John Seward I have known so many good people and
here in the room and in Miss Lucy's old room all night, and I myself
here in time for a late dinner, went my rounds, all well, and set this
here limited.  A noble use of them had, however, been made, and again
here of noble width and depth, took us among the traditions of Turkish
here until the sunset.  And before then we shall return . . . if . . .
here, a veritable prisoner, but without that protection of the law
here, and that I could not make any one in the house hear me.  He
here, half asleep, and heard you say 'go on! speak, I command you!'  It
here, now, this very hour, this very moment, if I may.  Time presses,
here.  By memory of his diary I found my way to the old chapel,
here.  Can you tell me what went before your going to Transylvania?
hereafter seem even to us who felt its potent influence at the time,
heredity, or by the possession of natural gifts, are fitted to hold
heroic.  I think that some day the bishops must get together and see
herself.
hesitation in asking you, as I know a certain lady is engaged to a
hide himself in the shadow of a great yew tree.  It puzzled me to
hiding place even for him.  I took it that fear had helped
high over Kettleness.  Everything is gray except the green grass,
high-horse and became a child again.
hills became melted, and the shadows in the valleys and gorges of
hills, crowned with clumps of trees or with farmhouses, the blank
hills.  The excitement of the passengers grew greater.  The crazy
him I hear that Arthur is beginning to recover something of his old
him I would simply write an account of our visit, just as if I were
him all down, so that when the others return from their work you can
him and all that follow from him!  And I have read your diary that you
him and cried out.
him and enjealous him, too.  There must be none.  So!"
him and flew down the passage.  I sent word for the attendants to
him and took his hand.  I hope he didn't think it forward of me, and
him as soon as I knew about Lucy, and went up to her room.  She was
him here.
him home.  This he backed up with arguments regarding his complete
him if he could tell us if any other boxes had been taken from Carfax.
him if he would not rather have a cat than a kitten.
him in orderly fashion.  Then he stood up, looked in the keyhole, blew
him in time, he would have tried to kill me.  As we were holding him a
him of this, but, from what we know, the distance he can make this
him on the face, his wife all the while holding her face between her
him on the subject of the legends, and he went off at once into a sort
him out, if he is anything like what Mina says.  We sat late, and
him over, "I think, sir, his back is broken.  See, both his right arm
him questions and find out things, and see how I may comfort him.
him sleep, and took away his pocketbook to look at it.  The thought
him so that he could not see them, but where they could hear better.
him so that he swooned into a sort of coma.
him talking to the landlady.
him that Lucy was still asleep, but told him as gently as I could that
him that Mrs. Westenra was dead, that Lucy also had been ill, but was
him that memory is everything in such work, that you must be able to
him that we should want him to help us during the day, and that we
him the beauty of Whitby.  I daresay it is the waiting which disturbs
him the ground to start from to do more.  'Dos pou sto,' said
him through the chink of the hinges of the door laying the table in
him to 'shut up for a foul-mouthed beggar', whereon our man
him to his coffin and destroy him, if we obey what we know.  But he is
him to stay for supper.  Lucy and I had both a fight for it with the
him to the jaws of Hell!"
him what I think, if you can guess it, if you will.  Nay, I am
him where I was going, and he hurried me out, but as I was going said,
him!"
him, "And now, Arthur my friend, dear lad, am I not forgiven?"
him, "Are you going to keep flies any more?"
him, "What about the flies these times?"
him, Dr. John Seward, the lunatic asylum man, with the strong jaw
him, I could not bring myself to the attempt.  He looked very sad, but
him, and found him seemingly as happy and contented as he used to be.
him, and he and the two others entered the hall.  We sat still.  My
him, and swift action on our part may save another victim."
him, and the attendants were putting a strait waistcoat on him,
him, and we are all satisfied that whatever he can do to aid our
him, and we value him, but all the same we must not let him think
him, but they cannot hurt him as we can be hurt by him.  We must,
him, for I wanted to see what he could do.  Then the dogs howled, away
him, gave the address at Dr. Seward's and came away.  It was now dark,
him, he had taken him to the ship and handed over the box, so as to
him, so I had to see them.  It was to me a painful meeting, for it
him, so be at rest.  I shall have much to ask him of other
him, to which he simply answered, "Why?"
him.
him.
him.
him.  All the poor lady's papers were in order.  Explicit directions
him.  And he remain on and on, till sunset come, and the Vampire
him.  And none but he know where they are hidden.
him.  He explained to me that posts were few and uncertain, and that
him.  He stood up and opened a large drawer, in which were arranged in
him.  He was still in the strait waistcoat and in the padded room, but
him.  In about twenty minutes he woke up, and said to me quite
him.  Poor old fellow!  He needs it.  No one but a woman can help a
him.  So he gulped down the rest of his tea and stood up, saying that
him.  There was no one in the kitchen or in the servants' rooms, which
him.  This must not be!  We have sworn together that it must not.
him."
him."
him."
himself a good-sized plug of tobacco and began to chew.  As to Van
himself all the truth in the universe."
himself and say at once and loud, "I am here!"
himself have even cut himself off from his knowledge of our where.
himself he is not one to retire and stay afar.  In his life, his
himself lift down, though it take several to put it on truck for the
himself shone through.  Then you shall bless me from first to last for
himself together, and spoke as cheerily as he could, so that the best
himself were from the first some great qualities.  In a hard and
himself,
himself, after the manner of the insane, with needless thoughts of
himself, and evidently it was he who put the launch in trim again.
himself, for none notice him.  Indeed they thought not of him, for
himself.
himself.  He nodded slightly and said, "Go on," in a low voice.
his 'I will' firmly and strong.  I could hardly speak.  My heart was
his Castle in Transylvania.  I know it so well, as if a great hand of
his Kukri.  There was a long pause.  We all knew that the time when
his absence, that the house which Dracula had bought was the very next
his armor, and his weapons to destroy us, his enemies, who are willing
his arms with a cry, "Oh, my God, what have we done to have this
his arms.  "Is it a wonder that we were a conquering race, that we
his being away from home.  But he sat as on the previous night, and
his blow could fall, and grasping a handful of the money from the
his bones again, but he was terribly weakened by the long
his charge conjointly with myself.  So now we can come and go
his danger in good time.  With strength and determination like his, he
his ears and shut his eyes, screwing them up tightly just as a small
his effects.
his elbows on the table, covering his face with his hands as he spoke.
his eyes blazing and all the signs of intense cerebral excitement.
his eyes fixed now on the patient and now on Arthur.  I could hear my
his eyes from Mrs. Harker to me, instantly turning them back again,
his face from us.  I could only see the gleam of a pair of very bright
his face, and his eyes blazed wickedly,--"The other is a vile thing,
his father, lost in the Lively off Greenland in '20, or Andrew
his fingers at me and went on.  'But you and I shall show them how
his fly catching again, and beginning it cheerfully and with a good
his forces over The Great River into Turkey Land, who when he was
his foreign journal, and lock myself up in my room and read it.
his goods, and there was a mortuary air about the place that lowered
his hand and took the paper, saying,
his hand pressed to his side.  The blood still gushed through his
his hands.
his head had disappeared, I leaned out to try and see more, but
his head, "The brave lover, I think, deserve another kiss, which he
his head, and said, "I dunno 'im.  There ain't no such a person 'ere.
his heart, so I said, "Now, Mr. Bilder, we'll consider that first
his heart.  As it was, the point just cut the cloth of his coat,
his horns.
his house had been.  This was all done en regle, and in our work we
his interruption at such a time, but now, as he took in his stalwart
his iron jaw set and his bushy eyebrows meeting,
his lectures, the equipment of a professor of the healing craft.
his life through the medium of his blood, relying of course, upon the
his lips.  "What about souls?"
his love, and to say that by this post I write for him to Mr. Peter
his means of exit from England.  His immediate and sole purpose
his mind about something, so I waited for an instant, and he spoke.
his mind active.  What he has been saying was, under the
his mind as to what kind of place he had got to by saying, 'Lor'
his mind can have become in any way unhinged.  Surely there must be
his name against the Turk, over the great river on the very frontier
his old companion the station master at King's Cross, so that when I
his old servile manner, bent low before me, and actually fawned upon
his own ground.  He be beaten back, but did he stay?  No!  He come
his own lifeblood drawn away into the veins of the woman he loves.
his own place he looked queer.  I have not seen anything pulled down
his own room, and to have his notebook again.  I thought it well to
his own room.  As soon as I dared I ran up the winding stair, and
his quiet smile, with the sharp, canine teeth lying over the red
his repulse of Van Helsing, his manner was that of a man commanding
his sojourn here.  In fact, he spoke quite confidently of getting his
his soul forever and ever to burning hell I would do it!"
his statement.
his study at Amsterdam.  But he used them to tell me the thing, so
his telegram early in the morning, and had not a minute in coming
his throat.  I knew the swaying round forms, the bright
his usual forethought, been putting matters straight and making
his weakest, might give us some new clue.
his whole soul into the effort.  At last, in obedience to his will she
his wild ravings outside the chapel door of the deserted house he
his wishes carried out by him without further trouble.
his, and said in a hearty way . . .
hitherto been the groove of my life.  The groove ceased to avail me,
hoarsely, "No, I shall not forget, for it is well that I remember.
hold him.  I thought that, somehow, Mrs. Harker had come into the
hold upon me.  I shall fear to doubt what he may say!
hold your hand, and you've kissed me, and if these things don't make
holding her hand to her throat, as though to protect if from the cold.
holding in his arms a tiny child.  When he saw me he held it out to
holding out some of the Wafer, advanced on them towards the
holding still another letter in his hand, entered the room.  He took
holding up the candle into the aperture, motioned to me to look.
holy memories it cannot rest."
holy still.  It was sanctified to such use of man, now we sanctify it
holy.  Thus we defeat him with his own weapon, for we make it more
home at once, I shook her forcibly, till finally she opened her eyes
home, no one, in case we should meet any one, should notice my bare
home.  The dawn is close at hand, and we have reason to be content
honestly say that, for the first time since I have lived in it, this
honour of counting you one trusting friend, and such endorsement is
honour or dishonour.  Is this your doing?"
hope for is that my Lord Arthur and Quincey arrive first."
hope or comfort.  Go, my husband!  God can, if He wishes it, guard me
hope, and that truly I began a new record.  So it shall be until the
hope, but at the same time his action belied his words, for his hands
hope.  The sun that rose on our sorrow this morning guards us in its
hope."
hoped to find, and find I have, all that there was, only some letters
hopelessly fast.  I was again a prisoner, and the net of doom was
horrible danger is not face to face with us, it seems almost
horrible gurgling in her throat.  Then she fell over, as if
horrid sense of the reality of things, in which any effort of
horrid three.  I felt all over the body, but no sign could I find of
horrid to me, for I can remember nothing.  But I am full of vague
horrified exclamation, and hurriedly taking a case bottle from the
horror!"
horror, and yet I, who had up to an hour ago repudiated the proofs,
horror.  Just think, my dear . . . I have been thinking all this long,
horrors as it has for me!  How blessed are some people, whose lives
horrors that he can understand their true import.
horse police going their usual suburban round.  At last we reached the
horse we got will have to go on with us, as we may not be able to
horses always in readiness, for when we get the information which we
horses and dashed towards the cart.  I should have felt terrible fear
horses seem to know that they are being kindly treated, for they go
horses, so that we may be able to change them on the way.  We have
horses.  We are to have some dinner, and to start in an hour.  The
horseshoe of the Carpathians, as if it were the centre of some sort of
hospitable folk, elderly, and without children, and if the specimen
hospital.  Dr. Vincent, of the North Hospital, where the papers say
hospitality, give a guest everything and leave him to do as he likes.
hotel, "the Odessus."  The journey may have had incidents.  I was,
hour I heard of him again.  This time he had broken out through
hour of the asylum, and as yet my patient sits in a corner brooding,
hours' sleep, as Van Helsing is to call for me at noon.  He insists
hours.  At the first, I tell Madam Mina to sleep.  She try, and
house and marked 'A' on rough diagrams enclosed.  Your agent will
house and put him in the padded room.  One of the attendants,
house for a young puma which is ill.  But when I heard the yelpin'
house is at present empty, but enclosed please find keys, all of
house with a wild beast like that.'
house, and when you see the door opened and the smith has gone away,
house, but not where He was!"
house.  As he passed the window of Renfield's room, the
house.  We found nothing throughout except dust in extraordinary
houses in this your London, or of any city in the world, and if you do
how I am writing this even to you.  I am afraid to stop, or I should
how I had been mistaken.  This time there could be no error, for the
how I love and honour you, when a word for your good, spoken more
how I should be able to get on without it.
how can you, account for it not being there?"
how changed.  The sweetness was turned to adamantine, heartless
how different things might have been.  If I don't sleep at once,
how he prayed with almost equal fervor for a cat, and then tried to
how is his strength, and what are his powers.  He study new tongues.
how it is with her.  There must be no shock, any knowledge of this
how many boxes are missing.  More than all do I rejoice that this, our
how much I need your help.  Well, I saw I must try to help the
how the ruthless hands of the Count had held his wife in that terrible
how to thank you for all you have done for her.  I can't think
however, I could see that he did not take note of anything around him,
however, and made preparations for my long vigil.  When her maid had
however, and would not let them talk.  I told them that one life was
however, big enough to admit the point of the saw.  I had expected a
however, is with regard to the paper found in the bottle, which was
however, light enough for our purposes.  Van Helsing's sternness was
however, only another instance of his cunning, for within half an
however, that I had stepped over the threshold, he moved impulsively
however, that up to very lately there had been a notice board of "For
however, the legal tongues are wagging, and one young law student is
however, to know the situation without telling, though she was eager
however, too eager to get on, to care for them.  Until the Czarina
however, what intellectual recuperative power lunatics have, for
howling of dogs send such a woeful presage through the night.
howling of wolves.  The snow brings them down from the mountains, and
howling, and in our shrubbery, seemingly just outside, a
http://gutenberg.net/license).
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
humble to the last hour of his life.  Besides, I know you loved my
humour him, so he is back in his room with the window open.  He has
hundred thousand times more do I know that he must pass through the
hundred times more terrible in the grim silence which held them than
hung lank and dead, their whites turning to rust and their greens to
hungry people, for none of us had eaten anything since breakfast, or
hurried away lest we should have been in some way drawn into the
hurriedly and hastened towards the South.  He seems to be
hurting you!  The fools!"
husband suffer.  So I pray you, if it may be, enlighten him not,
husband to this now-no-wife, am bigamist."
husband's face.  Quincey seemed to understand, he nodded, and her face
husband's sake, tried to seem content.  It was a brave struggle, and
husband's sustaining arm.  With a great effort she recovered herself
husband, come!"
husband.  I found it so useful sometimes, that I always make a study
hypnotic report this morning was the same as usual, so it is possible
hypnotize her first, and who have drink of her very blood and make her
hypnotize her, but alas! though she shut her eyes obedient, she
hypnotize her, but alas! with no effect.  The power has grown
hysterical outburst have given him free.  But we live and learn, and
hysterics, just as he had when Lucy died, but with a great effort he
idea of coming to a great city.  What does he do?  He find out the
idea that he was teaching me some lesson, as long ago he used to do in
idea that men and women should be allowed to see each other asleep
idea which I cannot make out.  I presume that the sanguine temperament
ideas, but now they seem to start out lurid before me as outrages on
idolatrous should in a time of loneliness and trouble be of help.  Is
if I had not seized his arm and held him up, he would have fallen.
if I may serve you as a friend, as a friend, but all I have ever
if a woman's heart was free a man might have hope.  And then, Mina,
if anything had happened in the night.  There were very few people
if he ain't like a old wolf 'isself!  But there ain't no
if he can help it, stir without his doors.  And, dear sir, even if he
if he is thinking of me!  I wish he were here.
if it were for your good.  For myself I could hold it in my account
if it were only a single line.
if my feet were weighted with lead, and as though every joint in my
if not for you or disease, I come.'
if once she suspected that there was any concealment.  Henceforth our
if only Morris and Seward were with us.  We must only hope!  If I
if she were truly dead, she laid in that so fine marble house in that
if there had been, for every moment is precious.  We have had only the
if there were two, but as there was no one in the room it could have
if we fall, we fall in good cause."
if we had it would surely kill poor Lucy, if nothing else did.  I
if wrapped in thought.  Presently he closed the catch of his bag with
if you be not careful in this respect, then," He finished his speech
if you will, but never let me know unless, indeed, some solemn duty
if you wish to study zoophagy!"
ignorance of the terrible mystery which seemed to surround her
ignorant as we went in.
ignoratio elenche."
ill intent or ill chance should close them, so that being entered
ill."
illness and its horrible phases is telling on me.  I am over excited
illness he had forgotten all that this episode had reminded him of.  I
illness more than was absolutely required.  She assented readily, so
illness.  Even now he sometimes starts out of his sleep in
ills of mortality and with the pungent, acrid smell of blood, but it
imagination and tinges everything with something of its own colour.  Of
imagination seemed out of place, and I realized distinctly the perils
imagination, and said nothing.
imaginative whirlpool; if so my stay may be very interesting.  (Mem.,
imagining themselves injured and slighted if in their very first day
immediately and follow me into the grounds of Carfax, in case our
immense lunatic asylum all under his own care.  Mr. Holmwood
impassiveness, but his nostrils twitched and his eyes blazed as I told
imperceptible slowness across the grass towards the house, seemed to
implored me not to go; at least to wait a day or two before starting.
implored me to let him have a cat, that his salvation depended upon
importance.  I can see the characteristics of the vampire coming in
important as to go in your list of the shipping in the Times, and so
important one.
important.  He had received a letter from Mr. de Ville of London,
imported earth between sunrise and sunset.  We shall thus catch the
impossibilities that my imagination was getting fired.  I had a dim
impossible to a position which had to be guarded, were secured.  To
impossible to believe in it.  Even my own terrible experiences in
impossible.  But Van Helsing held up his hand warningly.
impregnable, and great windows were placed here where sling, or bow,
impress us with your complete reasonableness.  You do this, whose
imprisoned there, would take new freedom and could in any of many
imprisoned, and as he has done it himself, and has doubtless his own
impulse the men sank on their knees and a deep and earnest "Amen"
in Lucy's breast, and which she had torn in her sleep.
in Pincher's Alley, as 'ow he an' his mate 'ad 'ad a rare dusty job in
in Scotland.  My heart beat so loud all the time sometimes I thought I
in a bad plight.  Then he fumbled in his bag, and taking out a
in a corpse after a prolonged illness.
in a fierce voice gave to his companions some word to proceed.  They
in a gruesome way, for he motioned with his hands as if he were washing
in a hot sheet to dry her he said to me, "The first gain is ours!
in a rock, with an entrance like a doorway between two boulders.  He
in a so small bag which he have hid deep in his clothing, he still
in a soft whisper, "Yes, I too can love.  You yourselves can tell it
in a sort of far away voice, as though saying it rather to himself
in all the mass of material of which the record is composed, there is
in all, these so small electric lamps, which you can fasten to your
in an awkward kink.  But for the life of me I can't imagine how the
in an eager whisper,
in bed or were out on the heights above.  Thus the coastguard on
in callous, and the heart of him is not; he can, within his range,
in case they are required.
in circling eddies.  At times we could not see an arm's length before
in class at Amsterdam.  He will let two scientists see his case, if he
in darkness.
in daylight even for his own work.  Even you would not, I dare be
in dealing with a nobleman of that country.
in deep gorges through the forests.
in default of direct issue, went back to a distant branch of the
in excellent order.  I saw something like them in Hampton Court, but
in form and colour, but Lucy's eyes unclean and full of hell fire,
in front of the balcony.  It had, however, been roughly torn away, the
in future be able to ease his bonds for a few hours each day.  I have
in her breast, and to my surprise, produced the paper which Van
in his grave, kindly way, "Friend John, have no fear.  We are trying
in his, and raising it to his lips, pressed it, and said, "Forgiven!
in it that touched me.  It also gave me a lesson, for it seemed that
in kinks and curls as it wound its way.  Straight in front of us and
in long, heavy gasps, as though striving to get her lungs full at every
in manifestations of nervous strength or weakness!  Then when his face
in my book.  They are peculiar to this part of the world, though
in my face which checked him, for he suddenly stopped, and said with
in my mind from point to point as a madman, and not a sane one,
in my own way.  Tomorrow night you will come to me to the Berkeley
in no friendly mood, when just at full tide, the thin man came up the
in order I heard a rattling of china and silver in the next room, and
in order for tonight.  I feel myself quite wild with excitement.  I
in our present task we must take no chance, as my friend Quincey would
in our seeking we may need them.
in over the shallows and the sandy flats with a roar, muffled in the
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER
in pressing you in all ways to use the utmost expedition.
in rushed my patient, with his face distorted with passion.  I was
in simple seriousness.  He thought for a moment, and then said, "May I
in some more mistaken idea this woman was buried alive, and that in
in some shape go back to Carfax, but he evidently sought some other
in somewhat of prominence.  I did not mention this last, lest it
in store.  What say you?"
in strait waistcoats.
in such a case, not on personal grounds, but for the sake of others.  I
in the box.  If, then, we can come on board after sunrise, he is at
in the carriage he gave way to a regular fit of hysterics.  He has
in the dark, no small power this, in a world which is one half shut
in the day time with me she wouldn't have walked in her sleep.  And if
in the daytime, and when wreathed with fresh flowers, had looked grim
in the distance, from the mountains on each side of us began a louder
in the fields away behind me, and there is a clatter of donkeys' hoofs
in the firelight, and they had seemed rather white and fine.  But
in the garden, whiles you and I have little talk all to ourselves.'
in the hoast beyont that sounds, and looks, and tastes, and smells
in the hypnotic condition, for he says that so long as they do not
in the lead, the blood rushed to his face for an instant, but as
in the lock.  I can hear the key withdrawn, then another door opens
in the moonlight, and in my dream I must have fainted, for all became
in the morning and go over to Jonathan, and to help to nurse him if
in the night and dress himself and go out, if he were not stopped.
in the night.  Her breathing grew stertorous, the mouth opened, and
in the other, his purpose of using the garlic.  The whole of the
in the right.  Van Helsing pulled back the latch, and holding the door
in the roadway opposite its master's yard.  It had been fighting,
in the ship with water rushing, just as it go free at rise and set of
in the study, Mrs. Harker having gone to bed, we discussed the
in the study.  In the train I had written my diary so far, and simply
in the time which now seems so long ago.
in the tomb?"
in the wide world.  Thank God!  Mina is well, and looks to be getting
in their power.  They were more than kind and courteous, and took us
in their shoes, was there in a sort of penitent mood, and
in thick, half-obliterated pencil, he gave me the destinations of the
in this cause.  But, of course, you do not know me, yet, and I must
in those so common flowers.  See, I place them myself in your room.  I
in thought, but he said nothing.
in time.  If he doesn't, and some nursemaid goes out walkin' or orf
in trance she is UnDead, too.  So it is that she differ from all
in very truth, for now both mother and daughter lay in it.  The
in whenever I feel inclined.
in your departments, we enclose cheque herewith for ten pounds,
in, he closing the door carefully behind him.  The shutters had been
in-a-corner diaries, but a sort of journal which I can write
in.  It is my record of today.  I too have seen the need of putting
inch wide, just as the Moon herself has often come in through the
inclined to think it was one of the bats which are so numerous on the
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
indeed a change.  See!  Friend Jonathan, we have got our dear Madam
indeed smell vilely.  Like the old chapel at Carfax.  And with our
indeed, I don't wonder that he does.  Then she went on in a
indeed, my heart sank within me.  Beside the bed, as if he had stepped
indeed, who inspired that other of his race who in a later age again
indefinitely prolong life.  At times I held the belief so strongly
indignation.
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
individually that in the presence of such earnest purpose as the
individuals of each party, the pursued and the pursuers.  Strangely
indomitable resolution, self-command, and toleration exalted from
inequalities of the road.  On this were sure to be seated quite a
infallibly would, in case it should leak out, I thought it wiser to do
infamy, with the very moonlight alive with grisly shapes, and every
infect you in such wise, that even if he do no more, you have only to
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
information, and he will be here tomorrow to help us.  We need have no
injured her has injured them."  I did not quite understand his answer.
inner meaning of the mystery.  I was myself tolerably patient, and
inquiries as I wanted.  It was now my object to trace that horrid
inquisition.  Keep them safe, for there is in them much of treasure.
insensibility.  Inured as I was to sick beds and death, this suspense
inside.  I fear it was no dream, and must act on this surmise.
insisted.
instance, why the coachman went to the places where he had seen the
instant my heart stood still.  Somewhere, looking out from the shadow,
instant or two we paused at the door to listen, but there was no sound
instant.  It is enough.  You attend him.  I will look to her."
instead of the pure, gentle orbs we knew.  At that moment the remnant
instigation.  There was a diabolical wickedness in the idea great
instinctively drew back.  The whole place was becoming alive with
instinctively sought the hilt of the great Kukri knife and rested
instructions sent to Immanuel Hildesheim to clear and take away
intellectual position I am, so far as concerns things purely
intended to recall her frightful experience.  He had simply lost sight
intending to hypnotize her.  But she lay in a deep and sudden
intends, and he does not mean to risk it.
intensified his pain.  His very heart was bleeding, and it took all
intensified just beyond the focus of the searchlight.
intent with regard to some fixed idea in a wonderful way.  I am loathe
intentions being carried out.  To use an Americanism, he had 'taken no
intentions.  Nay, more, in all probability, he does not know that such
intently, groaning to himself, "Mein Gott!  Mein Gott!  So soon!  So
intently, whilst Harker's hand instinctively closed round the hilt of
interest and amuse a man when he is a prisoner.  But my very feelings
interest except as to facts of missing men.  The greatest interest,
interest in dress to be able to describe the new fashions.
interest in him, encouraged him to talk.  He is usually respectful to
interest to you to see how true you guess.  We learn from failure, not
interest.  Now, suppose I, who have much of affairs, wish to ship
interested.
interesting talk with my old friend and the two others who always come
interesting, so that I may not forget how time flies by us," and with
interests me so much!"
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
interrupted him.
interviewing and writing descriptions and trying to remember
into a box, as of old, and is already examining the corners of his
into a deep breath as of one sleeping, and the open eyes closed again.
into a doze, and he mercifully let him sleep on.  When he saw Lucy's
into a habit.  No, I shall take none tonight!  I have thought of Lucy,
into a private lunatic asylum.  It is not, however, visible from the
into a talkative humor.
into an empty house.  But you are a solicitor and the Incorporated Law
into deep green water, and there was a singing in my ears, as I have
into harbour in the storm.
into her veins, her body did not respond to the treatment as well as
into his eyes which we always see when a madman has seized an idea, and
into it, and turning to his employers, made some remark.  Lord
into loving arms that wait for you.  Now sit still a while.  Come with
into one dark mistiness the gloom of the trees, oak, beech, and pine,
into order.
into our food, and I can't abide garlic.  Ever since then I have taken
into that house in Piccadilly?"
into the Superintendent's study is almost unknown.
into the darkness of the pass.  As I looked back I saw the steam from
into the distance.
into the hands of the enemy.  Their hands did not falter any the more
into the harbour, bending to the scuppers.  Here comes old Mr. Swales.
into the library, so I went cautiously to my own room and found him
into the matter.  The question of an inquest had to be considered, and
into the narcotic sleep.  It was with a feeling of personal pride that
into the other room, where you will find your supper prepared."
into the room, but none of the others at first said anything.  His
into the study to his friend.
into their places.
intonation.
introduced him to me, and he called here to see us, and often comes
investigate.  A hint, a surmise, a doubt as to what might
invoice, and took note of it.  'Fifty cases of common earth, to be used
invoice.  The opportunities of acquiring an abnormal thirst had been
involuntarily I saw his strong hand grasp the slender neck of the fair
irksome to me!  But Van Helsing says I must.  We were all wild with
iron, all eaten with rust.
iron-bound oak door of the chapel.
irony in the offer, in the courtliness of giving preference on such a
irresistibly the idea that life, animal life, was not the only thing
irritable.  If you only knew the problem I have to face, and that I am
is a chasm.  Here and there are silver threads where the rivers wind
is a part of obedience, and obedience is to bring you strong and well
is a sea of green tree tops, with occasionally a deep rift where there
is a tiger, too, a maneater, and he never cease to prowl.  Nay, in
is all right.  I have all I want.  You must get a new patient, doctor,
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
is always an early riser.  She greeted us warmly and said,
is amongst us is of himself so strong in person as twenty men, he is
is any truth in it at all.  Did he get his brain fever, and then write
is bad, very, very bad.  Nay, my child, do not go like that."  For he
is beginning to tell on me, and I am getting nervous and wakeful
is better to be disappointed and worried in such a way now than to
is calm in her sleep . . .
is changing as they ascend.  I do hope that my darling will not run
is close to land.  He has left his earth chest.  But he has yet to get
is close to us that must end all, if it may be so, and now is the
is experimenting, and doing it well.  And if it had not been that we
is going on well.
is greatly distressed.  It is not only that he feels sorrow, deep
is high over the distant horizon, which seems jagged, whether with
is his writing.  There is no mistake of that.
is hope to me.  We are all drifting reefwards now, and faith is our
is in him, and the sunshine has not yet begun to paint him with his
is in obedience to your wishes, for I am only too proud and happy to
is intense with resolution.  When we have well started I must make him
is known everywhere that men have been.  In old Greece, in old Rome,
is like whispering to one's self and listening at the same time.  And
is lost, by your hope that lives, for the sake of the Almighty, take
is no common enemy that we deal with Alas!  Alas!  That dear Madam
is no one.  Men know him not, and to know not is to care not for.  I
is no time now.  Have all your arms!  Be ready!"  He held up a warning
is not enough for me.  Here I am noble.  I am a Boyar.  The common
is not like Jonathan.  I do not understand it, and it makes me uneasy.
is now six o'clock, and we are to meet in the study in half an hour
is of man's common lot and with God's sanction, shall make you like to
is of too super sensitive a nature to go through the world without
is on his dignity.  There was silence until he asked again, "And when
is on the war path.
is she, mad, or what sort of horrible danger is it?"  I was so
is short!"  Without a word he motioned her to sit up in bed.
is so recent."
is some dual life that is not as the common.  She was bitten by the
is something of a guiding purpose manifest throughout, which is
is still hiding in terror.
is strange.  Wait you with me outside, unseen and unheard, and things
is that?"
is the conscience of the employer, and the belief of your policemen as
is the more natural as the favourite game of the little ones
is the surest rest.  I may not have the pleasure of talk tonight,
is this, I want you to believe."
is tied.  I know that she forms conclusions of her own, and from all
is time that I go too.  Goodbye, dear Arthur, if I should
is to be found and post it ye tonight.  But ye'd better be up arter
is to be taken with a train of boats up the Esk for a piece
is to me to tell of this fearful thing at all, you would understand
is to you that I come.  Have near at hand, and please it so arrange
is too dangerous a person to be roaming about.  Those ideas of his
is usual so alert, have done literally nothing all the day.  She
is well to be accurate, and every minute is precious.
is you will go join them seven young women with the lamps when you
is, doctor," he said, "that he has eaten his birds, and that he just
is.
is?"
it afterwards, for it was as of one addressing an equal, "Can you not
it again.  When Quincey saw the attitude and state of the patient, and
it again?"  He held out the letter to me, and with a courteous bow
it ain't been touched sence a hundred years.  There was dust that
it all comes home.  We seem to be drifting into unknown places and
it all together.  Now, you must all be going soon.  Breakfast is
it all up as he said, with our boy on his knee.
it and showed it to my husband, and told him that I would keep it
it are filled with masses of figures, generally single numbers added
it as such things are rightly done, and at the time such things are
it at his own risk.  The owner gave him a paper telling the Captain to
it be that she sleep all the day, it shall also be that I do not
it because I wished to give you pain?  Was it that I wanted, now so
it began to get very cold, and the growing twilight seemed to merge
it behind us.  Then he took from his bag the lantern, which he lit,
it better to wait, however, before making so grave a statement, for of
it comes from my husband's great love and from the good, good wishes
it comforted us much.  And the silence, which showed Mrs. Harker's
it even a negative one, brought harm on poor dear Lucy.  I hope too,
it for me.  Now I shall learn something pleasant, I am sure.  For it
it for me?  Alas!  I know not the shorthand."
it fortunately happened, was unattended with any unhappy results.
it from within should we be in a hurry making our exit.  Then we all
it had been a vaporous garment which dissolved in the warmth.
it happened, and when I know the facts I'll get you to say what you
it in the river.  I had to argy wi' them aboot it wi' a handspike.  An'
it is a comfort and a strength to me whenever I touch it.  It is odd
it is a medium, a tangible help, in conveying memories of sympathy and
it is all important.  You have kept a diary of all these so strange
it is because I am weak at present, and perhaps because it was on
it is entirely, almost entirely, about my cases it may be awkward,
it is no part for a woman.  Even if she be not harmed, her heart may
it is not intended for them.  I may show it to Jonathan some day if
it is quite evident that last night's work has helped to take some of
it is some taste of the original apple that remains still in our
it is the change of air, or getting home again.  It is all dark and
it is we, mistaken ones, that have killed her by our ideas, and so he
it is, I am darkly suspicious.  All those out-breaks were in some way
it is:
it made the Professor's heart and mine beat loudly.  We looked at each
it may lead!
it myself to the registrar and go on to the undertaker."
it not be true, then proof will be relief.  At worst it will not harm.
it not so?  And since so, do we not see our duty?  Yes!  And do we not
it off, like a good child.  See, I lift you so that to swallow is
it off.  It was apparent that she did not want to sleep, so I tackled
it on the tombstone on which the seat is fixed.  The moment it touched
it seemed to sober us all from the shock of his coming.  The first to
it that there is something in the essence of the thing itself, or that
it to his lips, kissed it.  It seemed but poor comfort to so brave and
it underwent a siege of three weeks and lost 13,000 people, the
it up in white paper, and tied it with a little bit of pale blue
it was a tacit answer to her own.  I got her luggage, which included a
it was marked Galatz via Varna, I thocht I'd let it lie till we
it was only in hell".  Then came another rush of sea-fog, greater
it was that disturbed him.
it was that his cast of face made his smile look malignant and
it was the only real cause which I could suggest.
it was to breathe the fresh air, that had no taint of death and decay.
it was, he said,
it were for his own dear sake or for the sake of some stern duty.
it when they come to lay me out.  My dear mother gone!  It
it will throw some light upon Jonathan's sad experience, and as he
it with his stick as he spoke, "a pack of lies?  And won't it make
it would never do to put forward the truth, as no one would believe
it, Undead, for ever.
it, a sacred bullet fired into the coffin kill him so that he be true
it, and I couldn't help feeling a sort of exultation that he was
it, for now the snow came in flying sweeps and with it a
it, he took out a selection of tools which he proceeded to lay beside
it, in the middle of which is a lighthouse.  A heavy seawall runs
it, lest it, too, were drugged like the decanter of sherry which I
it, so I said nothing, and we went home to dinner.  Lucy had a headache
it, so that I might fairly have said that the wound which poor Lucy
it, so we were not afraid of being overlooked.  We did not lose any
it, then, that the vampire, and the belief in his limitations and his
it, will you not, for Lucy's sake?"
it.
it.
it.  As it was, he thought that on the attendant's evidence he could
it.  Hark!  The unexpected again!  I am called.  The patient has once
it.  Here comes sleep.  Goodnight.
it.  I shall be prepared.  I shall get my typewriter this very hour
it.  I suppose it is just one of the lessons that we poor women have
it.  If my ears did not deceive me there was a gasp and a low wail, as
it.  She help me and I eat alone, and then we wrap in fur and lie
it.  Then I too moved, but I had to go round headstones and railed-off
it.  Things are quite bad enough for us, all men of the world, and who
it."
it."  And there are people who know so little as to think that madmen do
its crowd of picturesque figures, all crossing themselves, as they
its downward way was marked by myriad clouds of every sunset colour,
its light can be here on earth.  So true, so sweet, so noble, so
its own in the nethermost hell.
its own terrors.  Here, in a case where any shock may prove fatal,
its service was most effective, as when a fishing boat, with gunwale
its various lights and bearings.  I took the opportunity of bringing
itself and the disturbing influence end in a mentally-accomplished
jagged rock and pointed crags, till these were themselves lost in the
jamb that part of the woodwork was splintered.  I could see that the
job, and the consequent thirst engendered in the operators.  On my
joined him.  He had found a wonderful spot, a sort of natural hollow
joined, and such a mirthless, hard, soulless laughter rang through the
joke I could see that it had done service before, and that the whole
journal first, I should never have accepted even a possibility.  Poor,
journal is all so strange, and I hesitated to go on.  But he was so
journal unless he asks me.  I am so glad I have typewritten out my own
journal, so that, in case he asks about Lucy, I can hand it to him.
journey, and for our work when we get to Galatz.  When the usual time
joy from the mass of people on the shore, a shout which for a moment
jubilant.  He rubbed his hands together, and said, "Aha!  I thought I
judging by one's own wonderful experiences, it must be, he is also a
jumped from the bow on the sand.
jumping to the ground, disappeared into the darkness.  I did not know
just after a fog closed in on us I felt a wee bit as they did anent
just as that dear, good Professor Van Helsing said, he is true grit,
just behind the door, so that when it was opened the Professor could
just disappearing behind the angle of the house, so I ran after him.  On
just it.  This thing is not human, not even a beast.  To read Dr.
just then sauntered along.  The policeman nodded acquiescence, and the
justice to bear in mind, later on, that I did what I could to convince
keenly.  His look is a warning.  There must be no tears now, unless it
keep a sharp lookout for straying children, especially when very
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
keep faith.  But God is merciful and just, and knows your pain and
keep from her the affair of the dreadful night of Lucy's sleep-walking.
keep in the shadows of the trees on the lawn when the moonlight shone
keep it till I send for it, for it may be that . . .  I must write no
keep our minds active by using them all the time.  I could see his
keep strong and grow and thrive, so his brain grow too.  All this
keep their gurp o' them."
keep them safe.  No word shall be lost, and in the good time I shall
keep up the average.  It's no canny to run frae London to the Black
keeping a stenographic journal of his travels abroad.  When
keeping her out of our grim task.  She seems somehow more reconciled,
keeping them away with her arms at full tension.  His right hand
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
kept looking at a strange ship.
kept murmuring to himself.  "Now I can wait.  Now I can wait."
kept.
key, opened the creaky door, and standing back, politely, but quite
key?"
kill, we saw it at that moment.
kin, a lordly death house in a lonely churchyard, away from teeming
kin, my bountiful wine-press for a while, and shall be later on my
kind are stimulating and bracing, but the effect of these things on
kind or other, and most of them had big belts with a lot of strips of
kind we seek.  We have now passed into the Bistritza, and if we are
kind, and have been working so earnestly and so energetically, that
kind, as there ever is over snow, and it seemed as though
kind, throwing long quivering shadows as it flickered in the draught
kind."
kindness which suggested that his should be the hand which would
kissing it reverently, held it fast.  The other hand was locked in
kneeling round that stricken and sorrowing lady; or heard the tender
knees trembled and my breath came laboured as I toiled up the endless
knees, for I determined that if Death came he should find me ready.
knew it by the colour, and he grew quite white.  He read something
knew so well.  In our old wandering days it meant "action."  Mrs.
knew than that to struggle at the moment against the Count was
knew that all night long he patrolled round and round the house.
knew where it was bound for or had some intention of its own.
knife in his hand, and as I saw he was dangerous, I tried to keep the
knife which he now always carries with him.  It will be a bad lookout
knife.  I shrieked as I saw it shear through the throat.  Whilst at
knives."
knock at your door and say, 'May I come in?' is not true laughter.
knocked again, but more impatiently, but still without response.
knocked at the door, and on his calling out, "Come in," I entered.
know I wanted to marry anyone?"
know and understand it all in good time, but it will be later.  And
know he has forgiven me because in some mistaken idea I have done
know how many, and they wind up in a delicate curve.  The slope is so
know if Arthur likes it, as I have never heard him use any as yet.
know if need be."
know if rage or terror predominated in my own heart.
know it, for now and then, I hear a far-away muffled sound as of
know not where and commanded me to do I know not what, have all
know not, but that you shall know, and bless me for knowing, though
know now what men feel in battle when the call to action is heard.
know that I loved him and honoured him more than I can say, and that my
know that she understood your goodness even better than I do.  And if
know the grammar and the words, but yet I know not how to speak them."
know what is written.  Oh, Jonathan, you will, I know, forgive me if I
know what the place is?  Have you seen that awful den of hellish
know what those steps would have to be, though we do not mention our
know what yer a-comin' at, that 'ere escaped wolf."
know why I have such confidence in him.  I have asked him to come at
know, I am not afraid, even of the Count.  He has succeeded after all,
know, and you know, and the other doctor who attended her knows, that
know, and you must put up with their souls!"
know, by your holding the title, that he is no more.  He was a man
know, dear, my ideas of the trust between husband and wife.  There
know, for a-chaffin' of ye, but the old woman here winked at
know, much to ask, and when you know what it is I propose to do you
know, old friend, but it is for her sake, and I must not hesitate to
know, the secret belief that some of our brave friend's spirit has
know," she went on quickly, "that is easy for brave men.  Your lives
know.  But I can see that there are in your record many lights to this
know.  I do in any case, and shall tell you if you are right.  Speak,
know.  I have grave reasons.  No, do not ask me.  Think what you will.
know.  That is why I must go.  I can tell you now, whilst the sun is
knowledge and my fears to myself, and my eyes open.  I am, I know,
knowledge detect a trace of its origin in his answer.
knowledge it would be a happy thought.  But I am afraid that it may
knowledge of his time that he did not essay.
knowledge of it.  As I learned from the researches of my friend
knowledge of the trains offhand, but he does not know that I have made
knowledge, why do it?  Without such it is monstrous."
known, and we had been up all night a-huntin' of the Park for
knows her sweetness and loving care.  Later on he will understand how
knows, and will not.  Now men, to our Council of War, for here and
knows?"
knuckles looked white.  She did not flinch from the pain which I knew
label on each.  They had been used several times, for on the table
lack-luster eyes.
laconic, he tells the farmers that he is hurrying to Bistritz, and
lad tomorrow evening, and, with his sanction, I shall use some."
laden with so sorrowful a memory would upset him, but he bore himself
lady's room!"
laid a hand for a moment on his shoulder, and then walked quietly out
laid back his head on his shoulder.  With a sigh he took, with a
laid down the razor, turning as I did so half round to look for some
laid her hand on mine and said very gravely, "Ah, but they must!"
laid her in bed and forced a few drops of brandy down her throat.  I
laid his hand on my arm, and said,
laid his head on my breast, crying, "Oh, Jack!  Jack!  What shall I
laid it back against the wall.  And then I saw something which filled
lain tossing about, and had heard the clock strike only twice, when the
lair.  He will not be back tonight, for the sky is reddening in the
lamp in the direction, and stepped into the passage.  There was no
lamp lit, for it was by this time deep into the dark.  The lamps were
lamp, in which the flame burned without a chimney or globe of any
lamps through the blackness, but all was dark.  The only light was the
lance-fashion their long staves, with axe at end.  As the evening fell
land for such fell use.  He has chosen this earth because it has been
land.  There are great, frowning precipices and much falling
landlady is putting us up a huge basket of provisions.  It seems
language, but there was no mistaking the tone, in whatever tongue the
languorous ecstasy and waited, waited with beating heart.
lantern to and fro.  We heard his exclamation of astonishment, and
lantern, "now to the outside."  He opened the door, and we filed out,
lapped the white sharp teeth.  Lower and lower went her head as the
lapsing into sleep, the open eyed sleep of one who yields
large number of years.  The closed gates are of heavy old oak and
lashed the horses which sprang forward.  But the four men raised their
last a round wooden stake, some two and a half or three inches thick
last night Dr. Van Helsing slept in his chair a lot of the time.  I
last time tonight.  So be it that he has gone elsewhere.  Good!  It
last twenty-four hours.  I slept till late in the day, and awoke of my
lasted till we entered my own gateway.  Before we went to prepare for
lasts, there can be no disbelief.  Mina and I fear to be idle, so we
late indeed, but I did not say anything, for I felt under obligation
late the habit has not returned.
late, revenge for that time when you saved my life, and from a fearful
late.  God's will be done!"
lately been taken, but he couldn't say from whom.  He told me,
later and put his head inside the door and said with a warning finger
later letters, which would be held over at Bistritz until due time in
later.  I felt the same vague terror which had come to me before and
latest and truest thought will be always for him.
latest.  Then we shall at any rate be in Varna a day before the ship
laudanum in the room left no doubt as to their condition.
laugh at me for it then, Art."
laugh.  "'E's got mindin' the animiles so long that blest
laugh.  I fed the fire, and feared them not.  For I knew that we
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
lay helpless on the floor, breathing heavily.  The decanter
lay on the sofa, and raised both her hands, palms upwards, as if
lay there in all its death beauty.  But there was no love in my own
lay there sobbing.  He looked at us over her bowed head, with eyes
lead from the town to the church, there are hundreds of them, I do not
leaned back and said, "And now one word of warning, a warning which
leant over and kissed him.
learn in an asylum, at any rate.
learn where the change would occur.  None the less, however, it was a
learned I shall learn it.  For Miss Lucy or from her, I have no
learned, all I can ever do, shall be for you and those you love.  There
least a chance, though a hazardous one.  As a preliminary step, I was
least advisable to wait till Lord Godalming should hear from
least it may harm.  Again your pardon, and forgive me.
least, protect her.  But we need not despair.  There is but one more
leaving the city.
left him a fortune which to people of our modest bringing up is
left off, so I can go on telling you about the day.
left on me was becoming cicatrised.
left side in a glittering pool of blood.  When I went to move him, it
left them as we had found them to all appearance.  But in each was a
left us here in Varna, whilst the ship that carried him rushed through
leisure to attend to me, for I felt faint and a little sick.  By and
leiter wagon and shouted to the horsemen not to desert them.  The
leiter-wagons contained great, square boxes, with handles of thick
length violent, until at last he fell into a paroxysm which exhausted
less and less with each day, and tonight it fail me altogether.
less harrowing to his feelings to see all that was left of his fiancee
less miserable, and saw the morrow as not altogether without hope.
lesson of the spelling of the name of the court might guide me.  "What
lest I should disturb her."  The Professor smiled, and looked quite
lest it should ever be that he should think for a moment that I kept
lest once more I should begin to be enthrall.  But I go on
lest those who carry him may suspect.  For them to suspect would be to
let him come and see the last.  He trusts us, and we have promised
let me guard yourself.  On your forehead I touch this piece of Sacred
let my informant know or guess too much, so thanking him in the usual
let these poor white hairs go in evidence of what he has suffered, who
let you in."
lethargic state, with the stertorous breathing, she put the flowers
lethargy seemed to chain my limbs and even my will.  I lay still and
letter for me.  I hope there cannot be anything the matter with
letter from him.  I had written asking him if he had heard, and he
letter, and the third that I had left the castle and arrived at
letter, when, to my surprise, Van Helsing walked into the room,
letters.
letters.  Believe me, it is no idle curiosity.  I have a motive of
letters."
level at times, but most so when there is to hunt, metaphor be more
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
liable.  So I contented myself with making a general statement that he
liberated, through the wide entrance into the courtyard.
library regarding Transylvania; it had struck me that some
library, and read there till I fell asleep.
library.  When Lord Godalming got his and turned it over, it does make
licked at my hands and were quiet for a time.  Many times
licked her lips like an animal, till I could see in the moonlight the
lid was laid on it, not fastened down, but with the nails ready in
lid, showing the casing of lead beneath.  The sight was almost too
lie amongst the common dead.  I seek not gaiety nor mirth, not the
lie open before me.  I must get her interested in something, so that I
lies.  It is of Jonathan, and must be near my heart, for he is in my
lies?"
life amongst the insane is beginning to tell upon my own brain.
life and all the long years of habit stood to him, and he put it down
life struck Lucy on the face.  I smote the table hard and rose up as I
life, and now at the end has treated him like his own son and
life.  And dogs to eat them, and cats too.  All lives!  All red blood,
life.  Our bird when he found the cage open would not fly, so all our
life?  If it were that any one went into that place to stay, it is I
life?"
lifting a weight.  Van Helsing and I looked at each other with
lifting our crucifixes, advanced.  The moonlight suddenly failed, as a
light I saw around us a ring of wolves, with white teeth and lolling
light his lamps.
light that fell on Lucy's face we could see that the lips were crimson
light was thrown over on the East Cliff and the old abbey, and seemed
lighted and warmed with another log fire, also added to but lately,
lighthouse, and frightened the wits out of us.  I believe we forgot
lightly and there is a strange excitement in the air.  It may be our
lightly as I could, that I did not know anything of hitching, and
lightning.  I was conscious of the presence of the Count, and of his
lights.  You will have a happy life and a good life, and your husband
like a dischord in the great harmony of nature's silence.  A little
like a dog's tail wagging, with each stern inequality of the road.
like a trip hammer, for I felt that some crisis was at hand.
like a wind sweep on the surface of the water.
like burning flames, but a second look dispelled the illusion.  The red
like death.  It's in the air.  I feel it comin'.  Lord, make me answer
like if I'd like you to arsk the Superintendent if you might arsk me
like pearls against the ruby of their voluptuous lips.  There was
like religious mania, and he will soon think that he himself is God.
like the shape of a flame of fire.  And then He moved the mist to the
like the sound of a clarion.  For it was the voice of my dear
like the sunshine, and he ease off the strain again, and we bear to go
like to be kept waitin' when the tea is ready, for it takes me time to
like to oblige you if I could, Mr. Harker, and especially would I like
like yours."
like, in its way, the turn of the tide.  They say that people who are
likely that I may have to return here that night.  But if need be I
limit him to one of a class.  You, gentlemen, who by nationality, by
limitations of the vampire in general, and of this one in particular.
line of scattered juniper trees, which marked the pathway to the
line.  I, who have read your so sweet letter to poor Lucy of your
lines of it were hard like drawn wires.  The thick eyebrows that met
lines that there wasn't any gentleman 'such like as like yourself,
linked with the proximity of the Count.  What then does this absolute
lintels flying.  When I ran to push it open, I found that it was
lips and examining the teeth.  Then he turned to me and said,
lips went below the range of my mouth and chin and seemed to fasten on
lips with his tongue, added, "except that the poor fellow is dead."
lips.  They smiled ever at poor dear Madam Mina.  And as
liquid form.  Another put in a rider that the thirst then generated
listened to her breathlessly.  I did not quite like it, and thought it
lit by a single lamp, and seemingly without a window of any sort.
lit hup, you may scratch my ears for all you're worth, and won't
lit in a corner of the tomb, gas which burned at a fierce heat with a
lit our lamps and proceeded on our search.
lit our lamps we should possibly attract attention from the road.  The
lit up.  "Then I shall tell you plainly what I want, for there must be
little an egoist, and that, let me tell you, is much in this age, so
little are mixed.
little bird, the little fish, the little animal learn not by
little bit of truth check the rush of the big truth, like a small rock
little cry, such as a child gives in sleep, or a dog as it lies before
little groups, evidently one for each.  Then he spoke.
little heap of keys of all sorts and sizes, probably those belonging
little longer, knowing from experience that he would, like all
little more cheerful, or rather less cheerless, than the other rooms.
little more fixed in my manner, if not more stern, and motioned to him
little of any one's belief, no matter how strange it may be.  I have
little pier, was the first to climb aboard.  The men working the
little things have made.  We have told our secrets, and yet no one who
little wounds which we had noticed before, but looking horribly white
live, I shall strive to do so.  Till, if it may be in His good time,
live, to live in your own old, sweet way, and so in time, death, which
lives on, UnDead, more and more they lose their blood and by her power
lives that we trusted each other, that I would never open it unless
lives will I give you, ay, and many more and greater, through
lives.  I have been thinking so, as I stood here.  It may be there is
living life, he go over the Turkey frontier and attack his enemy on
living.  I actually took hold of his hand to stop him.
loafers what come round to earn a copper.  The old gent give them
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
lock for me."
lock of the hall door.
locked the door in orthodox fashion, putting the key into his pocket
locked, but that the resistance came from the fact that the hinges had
locked, goes about the room searching for the key.
logic this time, jumping from tussock to tussock in a misty bog.  If
logical and forceful and mysterious.  He said,
lonely churchyard, where rest so many of her kin, laid there with the
long ago to do at lectures, and said, "The good husbandman tell you so
long ago.  I know that Lucy told you of me.  She told me of you too.
long built.  It was a dusty old 'ouse, too, though nothin' to the
long day of it . . . that . . . perhaps . . . some day . . . I, too, may
long task, and a difficult one, and there is danger in it, and pain.
long the sun would set.  It was hard to believe that by our watches it
long, agonized wailing, as if from fear.  The sound was taken up by
long, but I have typewritten it out.  It will tell you my trouble and
look and gesture as that with which he pointed me out in his class,
look and listen, and if when later I make the same request you do not
look as he said, "Tomorrow, my friend, we must part.  You return to
look back on without despair, for Godalming and Seward are both
look closely after him, and to have a strait waistcoat ready in case
look for it, and mayhap he may chance to light on a butcher's shop
look from you will wipe away all this so sad hour, for I would do what
look like the front of a miniature house.  There were no windows in
look out towards the South.  There was some sense of freedom in the
look round, and find that the sun have gone down.  Madam
look surprised, Madam Mina.  It was begun after you had left, and was
look that I had heard described seemed to leap into it.  His eyes
look which meant killing.  The man is an undeveloped homicidal
looked all the whiter because his lips were so red, were pointed like
looked as though it had been long untenanted.  The windows were
looked at each other for an instant, and somehow we both seemed
looked for a bell, so that I might let the servants know I had
looked helplessly round with eyes that rolled in a way painful to
looked in all the other rooms of the house, with an ever-growing fear
looked like old tattered rags as the weight had torn them partly down.
looked out of the window, which opened South.  I thought I would watch
looked out over the beautiful expanse, bathed in soft yellow moonlight
looked out, but could see nothing, except a big bat, which had
looked out, the deil a thing could we see.  We ran by Gibraltar wi'
looked quite emaciated.  It too, when partially restored,
looked quite grieved when he saw me, and I hadn't the spirit to try to
looked round the room, and seeing where she was, shuddered.  She gave
looked.  The two men might be Dr. Seward and Mr. Morris.  I knew at
looking after horses.  Godalming thinks that it will be well to have
looking after still.  He is beginning to put some flesh on
looking all broken hearted, and to know that, no matter what he may
looking at a very beautiful girl, in a big cart-wheel hat, sitting in
looking at the beautiful view and enjoying the breeze.
looking fellow who sat his horse like a centaur, waved them back, and
looking furtively at them, "They think I could hurt you!  Fancy me
looking intently till a snow fall made sight impossible, he laid his
looking, and it could be no delusion.  I saw the fingers and toes
lookout anyhow.  Sure eneuch, we had a fair way and deep water all the
looks better this morning than she has done for weeks.  I was sorry to
loose his wings.  Here now, with more knowledge, I go back to where
loose, or one be bred there from a vampire.  These things do occur,
lose Lucy as her very own, but she is rejoiced that she is soon to have
lost no time in his questioning.
lost their deadly pallor.  It was as if the blood, no longer needed
lost when over the Danube.  John will stay with Madam Mina and me, and
lost.  Let me say at once how I stand, or seem to.
louder and angrier.  Their red jaws, with champing teeth, and their
loudly asserting that the rights of the owner are already completely
love me, and he loves me, and I love you with all the moods and
love them.  It is much to do, and, oh, but there are rewards in that
love yer 'art, now that the old 'ooman has stuck a chunk of her
love, I implore you, help me.  It is for others' good that
loved and honoured by all who knew him, and in his youth was, I have
loved not only by his household and his friends, but even by his
lovelier than ever, and we drove up to the house at the Crescent in
lover of her?"
lover, such a husband, and such a friend.
loving hand which set me free from the awful thrall upon me."
lovingly and long, he turned aside.  I told him that that must be
low down in the sky, was just dropping behind Kettleness.  The red
low-spirited today.  I suppose it is the reaction from the terrible
lower still on his breast.  Then she raised her head proudly, and held
lowered himself from the window to follow the Count.  He had, however,
luggage," said the driver, and with exceeding alacrity my bags were
lugubrious fashion.  The rats were multiplying in thousands, and we
lunatic asylum, but I could see that she was unable to repress a
lunatic, when the fit of escaping is upon him!  After a few minutes,
lunatic.  He certainly did seem earnest, though.  I only hope we have
lunatics, give himself away in the end.  Van Helsing was gazing at him
lungs improved, and Van Helsing made a sub-cutaneous injection of
lurk in this hateful place the Count is the least dreadful to me, that
lust for blood, and create a new and ever-widening circle of
made assurance of Lucy's coffin.  Another search in his bag, and he
made me dizzy for a moment or two.
made me sit next to him on his right, and asked me to act as
made me wince, an effect which was not lessened by the fact that it
made my first visit.  Never once did the dogs exhibit any symptom of
made my head whirl with new emotion.  But God be thanked, that
made no motion of stepping to meet me, but stood like a statue, as
made reply.
made the darkness greater when we were once outside their individual
made to each other anew.  For there is a terrible task before us, and
made to one much beloved that other fair sister which, like
made up on the subject, but Mina would not listen to my objection.  She
made, has been proved.  Hildesheim cleared the box, took it off,
madhouse.  I pity ye and the guv'nor for havin' to live in the
madness lies!  Harker has gone back, and is again collecting material.
main dry work, an' I don't so well remember 'ow I got 'ome."
make an accurate note of any sound he might hear from Renfield's room,
make certain what I knew.  Before I began to restore these
make him feel at ease, though I could see the poor girl was making a
make his record, and from all the means that are, he tell me of what
make more of those Un-Deads that so have filled us with horror.  The
make myself the wreath that you are to wear.  But hush!  No telling to
make out the people too good, for there be folk that do think a
make the best of things.  Van Helsing had been silent all dinner time,
make with that smileless mouth of him.  And believe me, friend John,
makes a man free to break down before her and express his feelings on
making a deep gash above the forehead.  The shovel fell from my hand
making a wide gap whence a bundle of bank notes and a stream
making inquiries as to details he seemed somewhat reticent, and
making myself master of the facts of his hallucination.  In my manner
making the bed.  This was odd, but only confirmed what I had all along
making use of the zoophagous patient to effect his entry into friend
malice on a face, and never, I trust, shall such ever be seen again by
man as, I suppose, any in the world.  I wish I could fathom his mind.
man brains that have been of man so long and that have not lost the
man by the name of Bloxam say four nights ago in the 'Are an' 'Ounds,
man fighting for his soul?  Oh, hear me!  Hear me!  Let me go, let me
man kneeling down placed his bag beside him.  After searching through
man of great nerve.  That going down to the vault a second time was a
man should have were he much gifted, and a woman's heart.  The good
man was close to me, and I could see him over my shoulder.  But there
man when he is in trouble of the heart, and he had no one to comfort
man!  However, all took place more quickly than it takes to write
man's heart.  I stood still and silent till his sobs died away, and
man, friend John.  You reason well, and your wit is bold, but you are
man, he was very gentle, and when I came away he kissed my hand and
manhood in my service.  He shall be ready to attend on you when you
manhood seemed to have shrunk somewhat under the strain of his
manhood.  For when Lord Godalming found himself alone with me he sat
maniac.  I shall test him with his present craving and see how it will
maniac.  What he desires is to absorb as many lives as he can, and he
manifest its potency, and she fell into a deep sleep.  When the
manifested, she listened bravely and with calmness.  When we came to
manifestly avoid certain matters, and those the most vital of all.
manifestly for the ears of the attendant, "Ah, a sad accident!  He
manifestly of fair weight.
manifestly those which had been brought by the Slovaks.
manifold, and so took three copies of the diary, just as I had done
mankind, work both in theory and practice, for his views are as wide
manly, and your life a happy one.  Now you must eat.  You are
manner seemed to have come back, and she came and snuggled in beside me
manner, I strolled away.  It was now growing dusk, and the autumn
mansion.  The goods leave by the train at 9:30 tonight, and will be
manuscript this very Dracula is spoken of as 'wampyr,' which we all
many a one shuddered as the wreaths of sea-mist swept by.
many crosses, and as we swept by, my companions all crossed
many kinds.  Our enemy is not merely spiritual.  Remember that he has
many of us begin a new record with each day of our lives?
many of us who did love her.  But that is gone, and we must so work,
many questions.  When I told her that I must go at once, and that I
many signs, which however, I could not understand any more than I
many, many hours of pleasure.  Through them I have come to know your
many, stoppages to rest, and with our hearts full of a constant dread
mariners who were on movement up and down the river that hour, he
marked physiognomy.
marriage and your trust, not know you!  Oh, Madam Mina, good women
marriage.  I do hope the dear fellow will take care of himself, and
marriage.'  For, my dear, we had decided to be married as soon as
married, and where, and who is to perform the ceremony, and
masel' who'd be bothered tellin' lies to them, even the newspapers,
mass of phosphorescence, which twinkled like stars.  We all
masses of spider's webs, whereon the dust had gathered till they
massive stone.  I could see even in the dim light that the stone was
massively carved, but that the carving had been much worn by time and
master in a few years, should be so injured that the very essence
master, who kindly put me in communication with the men who had
mastery in the trouble of my face, for he began at once to use them,
match!"
match.
matchbox and a piece of candle, proceeded to make a light.  The tomb
material for her dreams.
materialization.  No?  Nor in astral bodies.  No?  Nor in the reading
matrimonial alliance.  Indeed, we pressed the matter so far that we
matter how hard they may be pressed to, and who will know when girls
matter seemed preying on his mind, and so I determined to use it, to
matter, conventional forms are unfitting, since they would seem to
matter.  The Professor knows something of a great many languages, so
matters are so ordered that, from some cause or other, the things not
matters before us, other dangers, other fears, and that monster . . .
matters."
mattock and spade, and, whatever it is, it must be the end of some
matured without my knowing it.  He must hypnotize me before the dawn,
may I read it now?  I may want to ask you some things when I have
may be about.
may be all happy, as I am.  My dear, please Almighty God, your life
may be all it promises, a long day of sunshine, with no harsh wind,
may be that God will let them fall in gladness.
may be that it is the doubt which haunts him, that when the doubt is
may do as you will.  Nay, more if you all agree, later you are
may do what you will.  I feel that in saying this I am doing what my
may every blessing attend you both.  I know you both from
may have an opportunity of reading them.  She does not know how
may have many houses which he has bought.  Of them he will have deeds
may have to want Arthur, and how shall we tell him of this?  If you,
may here be of some use to you.  For if your husband suffer, he suffer
may not sleep.  The sun rise up, and up, and up, and then sleep
may talk of himself, if I turn the conversation that way.  I must be
may understand.  I hope I did right in not saying anything of it to
may upset him again.  So I turned to him quickly, and asked him what
may.  And then too, you will tell me of husband Jonathan's trouble so
may."
may."  Somehow his words and his look did not seem to accord, or else
maybe he's got down some area and is in a coal cellar.  My eye,
me I must go.  I know that if he tells me to come in secret, I must by
me a dose of chloral, that cannot hurt me for once, and it will give
me a good night's sleep.  Last night tired me more than if I had not
me a puffin' an' a blowin' afore I could upend mine anyhow, an' I'm no
me about Lucy, and so now we shall not speak of it, lest it distress.
me about it.  Down it all goes.  I am rusty in my shorthand, see what
me all day to clear off.  It was dark when I was able to inquire about
me and dine together at seven of the clock with friend John.  I shall
me and said, "I am only too happy to have been of service!  Oh, God!"
me and the flame he did not obstruct it, for I could see its ghostly
me anything, not even a blowfly, and when the moon got up I was pretty
me as he replied.  "I don't want any souls, indeed, indeed!  I don't.
me carry the boxes into the 'all."
me dizzy.  Either there was a roaring in my ears or I heard afar
me fully by tonight's post to Ring.  Wire me if necessary."
me go away.  I couldn't speak then, for I felt my tongue was tied.
me here and undressed me, he must have been hurried in his task, for
me home, for I have much to consult you about, and you can help me.
me in my task!  Goodbye, Mina, if I fail.  Goodbye, my faithful friend
me in the matter, he said, 'You must tell him all you think.  Tell
me more not when I think of it, for in the future he has a fearful
me not to say a word to any one, even her mother, about her
me of who marked the place of the flame would not know where to look
me out of my wits, the flapping against the windows, the distant
me out of the room.
me out of their counsels altogether.  They have now gone off to
me out of this and save my soul from guilt!  Can't you hear me, man?
me out that on one occasion I tried to kill him for the purpose of
me refoosin' to talk of perfeshunal subjucts afore meals.  I gives
me tell you, my friend, that there are things done today in electrical
me that I am fully armed as there may be wolves.  The weather is
me that she know are coming to meet us.
me that you will let me know."
me things, not in words but by doing them."
me to sleep for a while, as it is enough for the present for one to be
me until . . .
me with so bright eyes.  Once, twice more the same occur, and I
me!
me!  Beware how you meddle with him, or you'll have to deal with me."
me!  Look down on a poor soul in worse than mortal peril.  And in
me!  Perhaps grief and trouble are dulling my brain."
me, "It is not yet too late!  Quick!  Quick!  Bring the brandy!"
me, and I could know that the poor soul shook her from head to
me, and goodbye."
me, and his white face looked out of the mist with his red eyes
me, and said, "Are you satisfied now?"
me, and the shovel turned in my hand and glanced from the face, merely
me, and then Jonathan went away this morning to stay away from me a
me, and then there was a sort of agonizing feeling, as if I were in an
me, but would that that were all!  If there were any one to talk to I
me, declared, after making examination, that the man must have been
me, friend John, and you shall help me deck the room with my garlic,
me, he spoke in German worse than my own.
me, in a confidential, brother-professional way, when she had come out
me, my deary, and comin' quick.  It may be comin' while we be lookin'
me, which was as much as telling me to go on."
me.
me.
me.
me.  But no more think that I am all sorry when I cry, for the laugh
me.  He opened it and read it gravely.  Then, with a charming smile,
me.  He will be in Exeter, miles away, probably working at papers of
me.  I am Mrs. Harker."
me.  I couldn't eat them or . . ."
me.  I fall into my country's habit of putting your patronymic first,
me.  I rushed up and down the stairs, trying every door and peering
me.  I should have felt quite astray doing the work if I had to write
me.  In the trance of three days ago the Count sent her his spirit to
me.  Last night one of my post-dated letters went to post, the first
me.  Poor Art seemed more cheerful than he has been since Lucy first
me.  This is an exact record of what took place tonight.  I
me."
meal, and had a couple of glasses of the more than excellent port.
mean one of those two-pages-to-the-week-with-Sunday-squeezed-
mean that it oppresses us both.  It is very cold, and only our warm
means of life!"
meant for grim pleasantry--for he looked round to catch the approving
meant the giving of the crucifix, of the garlic, of the wild rose, of
meant.  He would not answer at first, but on learning that I was
measure in darkness and not knowing.  All this have I told these
measure of leaving his own barren land, barren of peoples, and coming
measure the ravages of time and moth.  My lamp seemed to be of little
medical men speak in camera, and that a man must not expect to know
medical treatment for this very defect.  If you will not help us in
medicine to its work with my will, if it was to do me any good, so I
medicine.  The old physicians took account of things which their
meet in?  How would you like to breakfast on an elephant?"
meet.  I have just had a few hurried lines from Jonathan from
meeting Van Helsing?  Sir, I make no apology for dropping all forms of
meeting so 'bloomin' good a bloke' as your correspondent.  I took
memories to ground them in.  She has not been so calm, within my
memory may err, for all the records chosen are exactly contemporary, given
memory, and we should not trust the weaker.  Even if you have not kept
men and women, the aged and the children too, and waited their coming
men do in pain.  Even the madness of fright was not to them, so
men have told them.  Ah, it is the fault of our science that it wants
men instantly formed round the cart in a sort of undisciplined
men to proceed with the preparations and to screw up the coffin.  When
men who are rough and hot.  These be better fellows too when they have
men who are sitting beside me.  They seem to do nothing all day but
mental pain, as well as that tax on your strength that we know of.
mentioned casually that she was sleeping so soundly that he could not
mentioned certain things.
merchant friend will have done his part.  When he ask if there be any
mercy pity those to whom she is dear!"  Then she began to rub her lips
mercy!  My soul is freer than it has been since that awful hour.  And
mercy-bearing stake, whilst the blood from the pierced heart welled
mere life or death.  It is that we become as him, that we henceforward
mere presence of such an one, even lying as she lay in a
message by her husband to say that she would not join us at present,
message was brought to me from Renfield to know if I would see him at
methodicalness, began taking the various contents from his bag and
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
midnight he was restless and kept saying his prayers somewhat loudly.
midst of our despair about poor Lucy, had he looked more stern.
midst, jumping from one tussock to another in the mere blind effort to
might act detrimentally on Jonathan.  I saw him leave for Whitby with
might be opened for them.  Again a shock, my door was fastened on the
might be served save my wish only, and as one of London residence
might be sure that there was a watch being kept at the other end of
might be useful to me were I once outside the castle.  I sat and
might distribute more fully.  The systematic manner in which this was
might get in would be laden with the garlic smell.  Then with the wisp
might have been serious, for the skin of her throat was pierced.  I
might have done wild work before he was caged.
might have seen looking forward if we had been able to see what we
might have seen!  Alas, but that sentence is a puddle, is it not?  We
might live hereafter.  But it is not a work of hate.  That poor soul
might not by any chance mislead him, so he said,
might touch them, no strange eye look through words into her soul.  I
might well be, he went on more gently, "Oh, little miss, my dear, do
might work out dangerously with strangers.
might, he says, take a lesson in the irony of grotesque by
might, perhaps, have some purpose of himself or friend to serve, I
mighty rifts in the mountains, through which, as the sun began to
mild degree which in barometrical language is ranked 'No. 2, light
militate against his interest.  He seemed thoroughly to understand,
mind he has been, and is, only a child.  But he is growing, and some
mind or of the cause of his sudden passion.  Stop.  There may be a
mind works true, and argues not a particulari ad universale.  There is
mind, and if you can add in any way to the story here told do so, for
mind, but I took pleasure in disobeying it.  The sense of sleep was
mind, for I think I never saw Mina so absolutely strong and well.  I
mind.  If you will let me, I shall give you a paper to read.  It is
mind.  This, with an iron nerve, a temper of the ice-brook, and
mind.  Thus, in a difficulty he has to seek resource in habit.  His
mine and asked him to speak fully.
mine anything ever come between us!"
mine, and I had to think of him, not myself, and besides, while Count
mine, found at the last his heart fail him, and then his
minute that had elapsed the number of the rats had vastly increased.
minutely examine them.  They lay in a sort of orderly disorder on the
minutes before, seemingly asleep in his bed, when he had looked through
minutes had passed a pack of them poured, like a pent-up dam when
minutes our sorrowful hearts beat together, whilst the friends around
minutes there was silence.  Mina sat rigid, and the Professor stood
minutes.  Forgive me for troubling you.  With all blessings,
miracle, had found the harbour, unsteered save by the hand of a dead
mirror of the red mark upon my forehead, and I knew that I was still
mischief.  It is a foul bauble of man's vanity.  Away with it!"  And
miserable and sordid than could have been imagined.  It conveyed
misled me, as I asked for Poter's Court instead of Potter's Court.
miss, so much more strong for my 'spell' which I have work.  Ho, ho!"
missed last night, was only discovered late in the morning
missing, and we find it, thank God, unharmed amongst the graves.
mist and snow.  The wreaths of transparent gloom moved away
mist is limited, and it can only be round himself.
mist was spreading, and was now close up to the house, so that I could
mist.  She was so fair to look on, so radiantly beautiful, so
mistake in doing so on so grave, so momentous, and occasion for him,
moaned.  When I had her carefully wrapped up I put my shoes on her
moisture shining on the scarlet lips and on the red tongue as it
moment I wondered what we were to do.  I did not myself know whether
moment King Laugh he come to me and shout and bellow in my ear, 'Here I
moment how or where.  All three had brilliant white teeth that shone
moment there came a sort of dull flapping or buffeting at the window.
moment there seemed to come a violent puff of wind, and the door to
moment!"  I grasped his hand instinctively and found it as firm as a
moment's courage, and it is done.  This stake must be driven through
moment, I believe he would have killed the man there and then.
moment.  He sawed down a couple of feet along one side of the lead
momentarily, for her poor wasted veins could not stand for long an
momentary, I took it that my eyes deceived me straining through the
moments still for her.
money in notes 'over the counter,' if your Lordship will pardon
money with him, and that he would like to pay for his staying here,
money!  What can it not do when basely used.  I felt so thankful that
money?  You follow quick.  You are hunters of the wild beast, and
monster may be carried to him some subtle way.  If we could only get
monstrous joke?  Pardon me, I see that you are in earnest."  He sat
month of August.  Saturday evening was as fine as was ever known,
mood or condition begins some half hour or more before actual sunrise
moonlight flitted a great bat, coming and going in great whirling
moonlight, and where the lamp was burning brightly.
moonlight, my own footsteps marked where I had disturbed the long
more bitter suffering than even this hour, if by any act or will of
more brightly than she had done since we arrived.  He too pulled
more can the Count enter there Undead.
more careful what I wrote, for he would be able to read it.  So I
more clever than he is thought by some, and he know when he meet his
more dreadful than those awful women, who were, who are, waiting to
more escaped.
more full of game than the churchyard where the UnDead woman
more fully the aerial gambolling.
more good than us, old or young, who toil much in the world of
more harm than good, but I must somehow learn the facts of his journey
more honour you, as well as more esteem and love."  She took it back
more hypnotic messages from Mrs. Harker!  Either or both may possibly
more level in experiences than father and son, yet even at such a
more marked, he looked very grave, but said nothing.  He took with him
more of such a desecration.  I shall not give my consent to anything
more sugar?  I think it would be very good for me."
more sweetly and softly than her wont,
more tolerant, bless them!  Then we walked home with some, or rather
more would he say, but sat in his implacable sullenness as indifferent
more, and we separated to dress.
more.  I must keep it to say to Jonathan, my husband.  The letter that
more.  Like them we shall travel towards the sunrise.  And like them,
more."
mornin', braw an' airly, an hour before sunup, a man came aboard wi'
morning . . . I, who never cried on my own account, and whom he has
morning come the Szgany, who have some labours of their own here, and
morning early you call for me, and we come together to see our pretty
morning had come.  Then came the welcome cockcrow, and I felt that I
morning, I was busy just at the moment.
morning, as soon as I can, come to see you and your husband, if I
morning.
morning.  But already, at Bucharest, we are three hours late, so we
morning.  When I saw the signs of the dawn I got ready for
morning?  Or if that you are too occupy, I can go alone if it may be.
morphia, as before, and with good effect.  Her faint became a profound
mortal eyes.  The beautiful colour became livid, the eyes seemed to
mortals.
most frankly.  Then as time went on, and I had got somewhat bolder, I
most interesting.  If only we were under different conditions, how
most mistake of all we have killed her.  He will then argue back that
most we want all her great brain which is trained like man's brain,
most, she must die, for her heart is weakening.  At any time, even now,
mother and Arthur's father, and now . . . Let me get on with my work.
mother who loved her, and whom she loved, and that sacred bell going
mother's health, and how the knowledge of such a thing would fret her,
mother, for to disturb the poor lady's mind about her daughter in
motion of the ship.  No other form could be seen on the deck at all.
motioned him to keep it.  "A key is nothing," I said, "there are many
motioned me to bring him upstairs.  I did so, and left him at the door
motioned to me to bring the others in.  They came on tiptoe, closing
motioned to the others, as though he were beating them back.  It was
motives for it, he would only deceive me if I trusted him fully with
motor area seems affected.  The suffusion of the brain will increase
motor area.
mountain ash and thorn, whose roots clung in cracks and crevices and
mountain fastnesses, rising peak on peak, the sheer rock studded with
mountain tops.  Sweeping the glass all around us I could see here and
mountains, and moving into a more and more wild and desert
moustache, and clad in black from head to foot, without a single speck
mouth with garlic.  We soldered up the leaden coffin, screwed on the
mouths, so I handed him the shorthand diary.  He took it with a
move as her breast heaved.  By the bedside sat Van Helsing, looking at
move downwards with considerable speed, just as a lizard moves along a
move in front of the window.  We waited in a suspense that made the
move on without knowing where I am going."
move.  I waited here all night till the sun rose, but I saw nothing.
moved I noticed that the dust had been much disturbed.  The boxes
moved along, the church and churchyard became gradually visible.
moved out.
movement made spontaneously by each one of us.  It would be impossible
movement of our parties, the leader of the gypsies gave a command.  His
movements without her presence to embarrass us.  The Professor and I
moving along.  The customs and the octroi, if there be any, have
moving back to her bed, fast asleep, and breathing heavily.  She was
moving bag that the Count threw to them.  You shudder, and well may it
much akin to that which I had noticed in the driver, whose face I had
much already.  And besides there is nothing in all the world that can
much as she has done.  But it is most right, and we are warned in
much as they had been at Varna, except that Lord Godalming went to the
much at the first he agree to term.  Then the thin man go and some one
much bloom and blood, were in hell.  But the thin man did not be
much expression.  A grip of the hand, the tightening of an arm over
much for me.  It seemed to be as much an affront to the dead as it
much kindness to tell me all of it that you can remember."
much less sacred.  Lies all of them, nothin' but lies of one kind or
much mourning, for, with public opinion in its present state, he
much people about that day, and close at hand was only one man, a
much reading in the day between, and much anxiety on the day to
much stranger are yet to be.  So," here he shut the dark slide of his
much to do.  Whereupon the captain tell him that he had better be
much to forget that it is no wonder that sleep, if it brings oblivion
much, and my horses are swift."
much, and sleep at times be all-in-all to her.  I think I drowse
much, that the appalling nature of our danger was overcoming him when
much-tried emotions.  He had, I knew, been very genuinely and
multiplying the evils of the world.  For all that die from the preying
murder was the work of a Slovak, showed the general feeling
murders there is now none to say.  The folk here hold almost
must ask the Count about these superstitions.)
must attend my husband!
must be dreaming when I saw them, they threw no shadow on the floor.
must be no chances, this time.  We shall not rest until the Count's
must be precious, I have written it out on the typewriter for you."
must be pretty comfortable.  The keeper would not enter on what he
must bear this mark of shame upon my forehead until the Judgement
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
must end in its undoing, I turn to my diary for repose.  The habit of
must have fallen asleep.  More bad dreams.  I wish I could remember
must have passed before he took his foul, awful, sneering mouth away.
must have pinched up a piece of loose skin and have transfixed it, for
must have rest some time.  Godalming insists that he shall keep the
must have shocked you by all the wicked things I've been sayin' about
must have suffered, and again, he will think that we may be right, and
must hear them spoken ever again!  See, I have tried to be useful.  I
must keep it private for the present from all.  I should come to
must keep one another strong for what is before us.  We have a cruel
must live!  You must struggle and strive to live, though death would
must not all break down for want of rest, lest Lucy should suffer,
must not hear them now.  But if it may be that she can see them again,
must not remove anything from Lucy's room without consulting him.
must now take care not to overwork yourself.  You are looking pale
must only try in the future to show that I am not ungrateful
must pass the Dardanelles we are sure to have some report.
must proceed to lay out our campaign.  We know from the inquiry of
must spend the night.  They are hospitable, with true Yorkshire
must tell someone, for the strain of keeping up a brave and
must think.  When I told him of our friendship and how you trust to
must tread in thorny paths, or later, and for ever, the feet you love
must walk in paths of flame!"
musty and close, but we did not somehow seem to mind, for our
my advancing years, the loneliness of my life.  Believe me, then, that
my being put under control.  I used to fancy that life was a positive
my child, I will be plain.  Do you not see how, of late, this monster
my child, do not despair, this knowledge came to him just too late!
my companions touched my arm as we swept round the base of a hill and
my companions whispered to another the line from Burger's "Lenore".
my corn, and Nature has her work to do in making it sprout, if he
my dear young friend.  Nay, let me warn you with all seriousness, that
my dear, if you only know how strange is the matter regarding which I
my dear, your ears must tingle as you sleep, as mine do waking.  Oh,
my dying day.  For a few seconds she lay in her helpless attitude and
my ears and listened.
my entry on Lucy's phonograph.
my eye was caught by something moving a storey below me, and somewhat
my eyelids.  (It is wonderful what tricks our dreams play us, and how
my eyes, for he sent me over to the window, saying he wanted to be
my eyes, it seemed so real, "You English have a saying which is close
my face round to the light, and said, after a sharp scrutiny,
my forehead forbids that.  Dear Dr. Van Helsing comforts me by telling
my friend John, or in that of your husband.  I have told them how the
my friend Jonathan Harker will not be by my side to correct and aid
my friend Quincey saw him at the window of Miss Lucy.
my friend, that unknowingly I did break the seal.  Will you not cover
my friends, we have a duty here to do.  We must sterilize this earth,
my hand and wrung it hard in silence.--"But now you are here, you are
my hands, and my brain were weighted, so that nothing could proceed at
my head, putting my fingers in my ears.  I was not then a bit sleepy,
my heart to see it, the Law List.
my helplessness overpowered all other feelings.  When I look back
my left hand.  I felt a mighty power fly along my arm, and it was
my life-work, I say sadly and without hope, "FINIS".
my master the Count bade me take all care of you.  There is a flask of
my mind his list of nature's eccentricities and possible
my mind is growing.  It will be a whole idea soon, and then, oh,
my neck and said, "For your mother's sake," and went out of the room.
my neck, and tore it away from me.  For a second or two she
my own disappointment.  I was already thinking what I had best do,
my own hate of the monster seem despicable.  Surely God will not
my own information.
my own room to get the papers from my bag.  Whilst I was placing them
my pockets are intact.  I am sure this diary would have been a mystery
my poor darling!"
my poor friend," he said, "God knows I would.  But this night our feet
my seat, having just had time to resume my book before the Count,
my supper.  During the time I was eating it the Count asked me many
my tablets!  'tis meet that I put it down," etc., For now, feeling as
my throat pains me.  It must be something wrong with my lungs, for I
my throat.  Then she paused, and I could hear the churning sound of
my traps along the passage, and then up a great winding stair, and
my very soul with horror.  There lay the Count, but looking as if his
my wound so swiftly the poison of the gangrene from that knife that
my writing now would ensure ease of mind to my friends.  And he
my zoophagous patient.  The report was good.  He had been quite quiet
myriad of little specks seems to come blowing in through the
myriads of horrible fancies began to crowd in upon my mind.  All of
myself am of an old family, and to live in a new house would kill me.
myself at home, with the dawn struggling in through the windows, as I
myself back home, for I was anxious about many things.  I sent a short
myself do not know."
myself half stunned and looked in wonder at one after another.
myself he has got a tough nut to crack.  I know that from my glass.
myself in anywhere where I've no right to be, but this is no ordinary
myself so much labor and so much of sorrow?  I have come here from my
myself standing on the window sill and trying to raise up the sash.  I
myself the burden that you do bear.  But there are things that you
myself to see if I were awake.  It all seemed like a horrible
myself to suspicious grow, and attempt to wake her.  But she
myself!"
myself, for all of sudden I feel guilt, as though I have done
myself, for it seemed for an instant as if the stranger had great eyes
myself, though I am weary . . . weary to death.  However, I must try
myself.  Thank God, Lucy's health keeps up.  Mr. Holmwood has been
myself.  You and I must watch the case, and we must have none other to
mysterious and not by any means comforting.
mystery which seemed closing around me.
nail-studded belt, dirty sheepskin, and high boots.  They had also
name ye a dozen whose bones lie in the Greenland seas above," he
names as wishing to follow him to the grave.
narrow darkness of the courtyard.  Looking out on this, I felt that I
narrow stone flagged yard at the blank face of a stable, pointed to
nationalities:  Saxons in the South, and mixed with them the Wallachs,
naturally and looked so well and peaceful that we agreed that the
naturally to England, as if that map had been much used.  On looking
naturally, good spirits, colour coming back."
nature's annual work.  The leaves were turning to all kinds of
nature.  And your husband, tell me of him.  Is he quite well?  Is all
nauseous with the flies and spiders which he had eaten just before
nay, had I even guess at him, one so precious life had been spared to
near death die generally at the change to dawn or at the turn of the
near enough to see down.  The houses of the old town--the side away
near her when we sat down.  She is so sweet with old people, I think
near the end?  Tomorrow!  Tomorrow!  Lord, help me, and those to whom
near.
nearer than ever before to the heart of his mystery.
nearer to us on each side and to frown down upon us.  We were entering
nearer.  I could feel the soft, shivering touch of the lips on the
nearly a hundred, and that he was a sailor in the Greenland fishing
nearly ready, and we are soon off.  We ride to death of some one.  God
nearly so much as I expected to find her.  Nature in one of her
necessarily to the same result.
necessary papers, and had written a letter with them ready to post to
necessary to fight the Slovaks, and a chance thrust, for I don't
necessary to take counsel together what to do next.
necessary, and to bring him home.  Mr. Hawkins says it would not be a
necessary.  You are now in the bitter waters, my child.  By this time
neck had sent forth drops.  The instant she saw it she drew back, with
neck, and my heart seemed to stand still.
neck," here he handed to me a wreath of withered garlic blossoms, "for
neck.
neck.  The last words he said to her were,
need any help.  I am so worried in my mind that I am apt to be
need not fear to betray any secret before the time.  So I told them,
need not go in if you do not wish it, but I pray that it may.  It can
need of caution there is.
need such pity, and that some other like you, and with equal cause for
needed . . . All is ready.  We are off shortly.
needed.  He seems to have power at these particular moments to simply
needful to Him?  I must find out later on.  Tonight he will not speak.
needn't tie me.  I shall go quietly!"  Without trouble, we came back
neglecting to return from their playing on the Heath.  In
neigh and snort and plunge wildly, so that the driver had to hold them
neighbors, who did not seem to bear him any affection, said that he
neither come nor cease to make a noise.  It was in a fury, with its
nerve, if he knew that we had even a suspicion on the subject.  Van
nerve.  So he delay, and delay, and delay, till the mere
nerved myself to my wild work.  By this time I had searched all
nervous power to the utmost.
never been used.
never called me by that name since he asked me to marry him, 'You
never caused to shed a tear, the dear fellow would fret his heart out.
never come.  It may be that this strange night existence is telling on
never meet again.  Courage, Mina!  The Professor is looking at you
never out of sight of the room where Lucy lay in her coffin, strewn
never tell.  That the ravings of the sick were the secrets of God,
never!  He throws no shadow, he make in the mirror no reflect, as
nevertheless they tell us all things which we want to know.
new classification for him, and call him a zoophagous (life-eating)
new danger, some new pain, which however, may in God's will be means
new estate in London.  You shall, I trust, rest here with me a while,
new scheme of villainy . . .
newspaper, or even writing materials, so I opened another door in the
newspapers, I borrowed the files of 'The Westminster Gazette' and 'The
newspapers.  A table in the centre was littered with English magazines
night I seemed to be dreaming again just as I was at Whitby.  Perhaps
night I'd not refuse to answer his call.  For life be, after all, only
night air, unclad as she was.  I feared to wake her all at once, so, in
night and a walled park to protect us.  It will be a mighty different
night and full today with a woman who have not change only to be more
night she may be more eager.  Therefore I shall fix some
night was closing in, so I did not lose any time.  Having learned the
night watchman came to me, sent up from the ward, to say that Renfield
night we all assembled a little before the time of sunset.  Each of us
night, I took it that there were no more of active Undead
night, and while we were talking at the carriage window, waiting for
night, you and I, in the churchyard where Lucy lies.  This is the key
night.
night.  Mr. Morris, you should be proud of your great state.  Its
night.  Now the day is on us, bright though cold.  There is a strange
night.  There is plenty of water, and the banks are wide enough apart
nightdress was a drop of blood.  When I apologised and was concerned
nightingale was singing.  I was dazed and stupid with pain
nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.  Well, here I am
nightmare to me, and I expected that I should suddenly awake, and find
nightmare.  Once the flame appeared so near the road, that even in the
nights and days to follow, if full of peril, but we must go on, and
nights and days, before death, after death, and if my death can do her
nights before and with the baneful result, felt awe and vague terror.
nineteenth century up-to-date with a vengeance.  And yet, unless my
ninety-nine times out of a hundred we should have proved, by the logic
no bad dreams had come to disturb her peace of mind.
no denial.  These were certainly of an odd and varied kind, but each
no doubt will in a few weeks be all himself.  But be careful of him
no doubtful matter in this connection between us now.  You must
no fear tonight.  Will you, therefore, instead of lunching with
no forgetting duty, no distrust.  I must not wish you no pain, for
no harm, as it was very mild . . . I have taken it, and am waiting for
no one who does not believe with me."
no one.  He didn't even smell the same as he went by me.  I couldn't
no possibility of making any mistake about this, for in the long hours
no ray of light, and whose broken battlements showed a jagged line
no, Madam Mina, for crime touch you not, not but once.  Still, your
no, my friend Jonathan, you go take the lock off a hundred empty
noble fellow, and let me tell you from experience of men,
noble too, for you trust, and trust cannot be where there is mean
nodded and stood silent.
nodded in reply to show that she understood.  The last I saw, she was
nodded to tell that our work there was successfully accomplished.  She
nodded.
none of us ever shall.  Arthur and Quincey went away together to the
none of you like a cup of tea?  You must all be so tired!"
noon and at sunset.  Can it be that there is a malign influence of the
noon he became so violent that it took all their strength to hold him.
noon, so here we shall all come before long after that.  The friends
nor daughter, and the young do not tell themselves to the young, but
nor his wife thought any more of the wolf than I should of a dog.
nor the howling of the wolves behind, appeared to even attract their
nor think of death, till this great evil be past."
north.  It seemingly had driven the snow clouds from us, for with only
northern heights of London.  "Out of so many harmless ones," he said,
northwest.  The wind was then blowing from the south-west in the
nose and teeth so white, and eyes that seem to be burning.  That he be
nose, and with bushy hair that seemed to curl in its own profusion.
nose, or I shall point out to my friend Arthur what woes he may have
nose.  Lucy lay motionless, and did not seem to have strength to
nosferatu, as they call it in Eastern Europe, and would for all time
not all wrong?"
not already engaged to Jonathan.  He is an excellent parti, being
not any more a foul Thing for all eternity.  No longer she is the
not argue.  I procured him a double supply, and left him as happy a
not arrive as soon as our regular train.  Moreover, we have something
not at ease then.  But she is so bright and tender and thoughtful
not at the first appear much, when the matter is one of life and
not be so.
not be that it could with more ease be done by consigning to one in
not be with these strange ones who had survived through
not be.  The whole bed would have been drenched to a scarlet with the
not been for the way their strength had been spent in carrying
not betray anything which the Professor wished kept secret, but
not but note the quaint legal phrase which she used in such a place,
not call in vain.  God grant that no such time may ever come to you to
not ceased to ring on the air when there came the reaction, and she
not count for much.  We think that we shall not have much trouble with
not desecrate needless."
not distinguish a word he said, I could in some way recognize in his
not expect you to trust me so far."
not far off, in fact so near that I wondered we had not noticed
not fear me.  I only do for your good, but there is much virtue to you
not feel particularly pleased with him for saying such things.  He
not find the Count anywhere.  So I breakfasted alone.  It is strange
not for these causes that you send for me when the great trouble
not full man brain.  He is clever and cunning and resourceful, but he
not had much time for friendships, but since I have been summoned to
not half a quarter so much fight in 'im.  This one ain't been used
not have been able to throw them off so easily.  Before us lay a green
not have believed until such time as that fact thunder on my ear.  'See!
not have believed.  As it was, I didn't know what to believe, and so
not have time to wait, not on my account, but because I know your time
not hesitate a moment, but I am not my own master in the matter.  I
not in what I am seeking of, but that there are good women still left
not jesting.  This is no jest, but life and death, perhaps more.'  I
not know even yet, and none other can ever know, how much your sweet
not know what to do, and so had only to keep on working in what had
not laugh at me or at my husband.  I have been since yesterday in a
not like herself.  She sleeps, and sleeps, and sleeps!  She who
not like to go about the castle until I had asked the Count's
not look so."
not many to learn, as the only train tomorrow leaves as I say."
not more at stake for us than for him?  Then why not be more careful
not much the worse.  Go into the room, and lie on your sofa, and rest
not quite sleep, so I got out and looked out of the window again.  The
not really care for any of the things of mere earth, he was in the
not satisfied.  We talk of her often.  We have not, however, said a
not seen, that for a moment I doubted if it were not the same person
not sleep any more, got up.  I had hung my shaving glass by the
not stay to make sure, but returned to Van Helsing.  He rubbed the
not sup."
not sure, but I believe that he had some serious purpose, and if he
not survive this night.  God keep you, dear, and God help
not taken away my reason, for I saw it through my eyes.
not the power to seek her tomb and find shelter.  He is cunning,
not they are all as one to me tonight.  Friend John, when I turn the
not till this unhappy business is over.  Be wise also, my friends.  It
not to frighten her.  Here she is!
not to have even changed her side.  The adventure of the night does not
not to mind, and they withdrew.  Renfield watched them go.  When the
not to take any part in the discussion set me thinking.  And as I
not tonight open the window or the door."
not vital and necessary like the other, but I want you to do one thing
not wake me.  He says it would have been a sin to, for I slept
not want him to weaken in this matter.  "Mrs. Harker is better out of
not want to arrive before.  So we take it easy, and have each a long
not want to wring my confidence from me, but only to know, because
not, none of those that we dreaded could.  Though there might be
not, our little expedition could not start, either so promptly or so
not, that as yet I had not seen any opportunity of sending letters to
not.  However, when we got to the pathway outside the churchyard, where
not.  I have placed the crucifix over the head of my bed, I imagine
note of all ships that sail, however so small.  There we find that
notebook in which he is always jotting down something.  Whole pages of
noted the horrible pool on the floor, he said softly, "My God!  What
notepaper, envelopes, and pens and ink.  All were covered up in thin
nothing else to do, I shall go make arrangements for the travel.  I
nothing in the wide world for me to live for."
nothing to gain by it, no good to her, to us, to science, to human
nothing to interest you.
nothing, and there is merely the stream of the Esk, running between
nothing, but in their presence he take his place far off and silent
nothing.
nothing.  My man thought see nothing, till just now.  No!  But there
nothing.  Then I caught the patient's eye and followed it, but could
notice board intact, as it would, perhaps, have given some clue to the
notice my silence.  At any rate, he showed neither chagrin nor
notice that by common consent we had all put on black clothes.  Of
notice that my clumsiness with the safety-pin hurt her.  Indeed, it
notice.  I feared he might take it ill, he looked so fierce and nasty.
notice.  My window opened into the courtyard, all I could see was the
noticeable was a foreign schooner with all sails set, which was
noticed earlier in the evening.  The wind had by this time backed to
noticed that Van Helsing tied a soft silk handkerchief round her
noticed that goitre was painfully prevalent.  By the roadside were
noticing my red eyes, he went on, "Ah, I see you have been comforting
notwithstanding this, for as Jonathan, with desperate energy, attacked
nourishment which she could take seemed to do her no good.  At times
now be for the better.  Before we parted, we discussed what our next
now going on better, and that Van Helsing and I were with her.  I told
now many years, and yet did you ever know me to do any without good
now near enough for us to see clearly, and the moonlight still held.
now no quiver from Van Helsing's nerves.  Never did I see such baffled
now she is all sweet and bright as ever.  At sunset I try to
now so far quieted that there are spells of cessation from his
now this is what he is to us.  He have infect you, oh forgive me, my
now what is it that you came to me to say?"  This brought me back to
now, though I have spoken, I would like to speak more.  Oh,
now, we must plan what each and all shall do."
now, with my book on my knee, and listening to the talk of three old
now, with the tears running down her dear cheeks, that it is in
now.  Goodbye, my dear.  I shall post this at once, and perhaps,
now.  I think he is one of the most resolute men I ever saw, and yet
now.  The master is at hand."
now.  This I know, that if ever there was a woman who was all
nowt else.  These bans an' wafts an' boh-ghosts an' bar-guests an'
number Two in one day.  And then, my dear, before I could say a word
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
number of people began to run.
number of sheets of typewriting to Van Helsing.  He looked over them
number of the latter is becoming sensibly diminished, although he has
numbers, for you can defy that which would break down the human
o'clock I just took a look round afore turnin' in, an', bust me, but
o'clock comes a man so hurry.  A tall man, thin and pale, with high
o'clock when I had it, I looked about for something to read, for I did
o'clock, so as to be ready.
oars in the rowlocks.  A gun is fired somewhere, the echo of it seems
oath.  I followed, myself.
obedience to our summons.  Van Helsing looked at me questioningly.  I
object-lesson in the limitations of sympathetic understanding.
objection to whatever we chose to ask or do.  Some of the Slovaks tell
obliquity of thought and memory which makes mental disease such a
obscure it, will be to me a safety.
observation, or my memory of them.  Last evening when the Count came
obstacle, the wolves fell back and back further still.  Just then a
obstruction.  I hope that before we get to Strasba we may see them.
occasional bursts, the snow fell.  We could distinguish clearly the
occasions grow less frequent as the days go on, and they
occupied by the ladies in bygone days, for the furniture had more an
occurred to me that I had shut the window before I had come to bed.  I
odd concentration about her which I do not understand, even in her
odour would be too much for the dear child in her weak state, so I took
odour, the odour of old earth newly turned.  As I went through the
of 7, The Crescent, who this morning went aboard and took formal
of Purfleet, London, in case I may not see him.  It may
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
of Turkeyland.  If it be so, then was he no common man, for in that
of a diary kept by Jonathan Harker when abroad, and gave me a
of a great, gaunt gray wolf.
of a half smothered child.  The women closed round, whilst I was
of a lunatic asylum, I cannot but notice that the sophistic tendencies
of a martyr as she answered, "Ah no!  For my mind is made up!"
of a pendulum.  There was a smile on her face, and it was evident that
of a saucer.  He is a decent, intelligent fellow, distinctly a good,
of a struggle, and I knew that the attendants were dealing with him.
of a tall, handsome, curly-haired man???
of absorbing interest.  The sea, running mountains high, threw
of acts which were often not pleasant to do, and which sometimes did
of all the church lamps?  Can you tell me why in the Pampas, ay and
of beads on which it was fastened being around both wrists and
of being left without warmth in the cold and the snow.  We had to take
of blood originated.
of bloody foam.  I should have fled in terror and left my work
of board or committee.  Professor Van Helsing took the head of the
of colour about him anywhere.  He held in his hand an antique silver
of course then you understand how it act, and can follow the mind of
of cunning more than mortal, for his cunning be the growth of ages, he
of despair.
of doing it there was, I now see, something of cruelty.  I seemed to
of events, the accuracy of our judgment.
of extraordinary pallor.
of fear upon me, and of some feeling of emptiness around me.  The room
of fire by night."  Was it indeed such spiritual guidance that was
of fog both to north and south of the port.  We must continue our
of forest up to the lofty steeps of the Carpathians themselves.  Right
of four strong men.  Man alive, her whole body wouldn't hold it."  Then
of gold fell out.  The expression of the Count's face was so hellish,
of heavy, lethargic sleep, with dreams that frighten her, but
of hell fire blazed behind them.  His face was deathly pale, and the
of her and her part in the affair in his intellectual effort.
of her before this time tomorrow."
of her eyes evidently changed the expression, for she looked her own
of her life, till I saw His eyes.  They burned into me, and my
of her life.
of her terrible trouble.  Thank God for it, for then at least she can
of her trouble for whole spells.  It is only now and again, when
of her.  To look at her gives me a pang.  I told her I should ask
of her."  I could feel that the rest quivered, as I did; but we
of him to you.  There is where he fail!  That terrible baptism of
of him, and now, married to Jonathan, Jonathan a solicitor, a partner,
of his beer on the previous night at Corcoran's, had left for his work
of his race.
of his voyage.  He said that in all his life he had never had so
of imagination to think that the spirits of those lost at sea were
of it is a buoy with a bell, which swings in bad weather, and sends in
of it, and we don't want to feel scart of it, and that's why I've took
of its own.  The police of the division have been instructed to
of its strength is gone.  Forgive me, dear, if I worry you with my
of late for my physical good, and then the prolonged strain of Lucy's
of looking at the papers which Van Helsing left with me, though they
of man, and till sunset he may not change.  It will take him time to
of meat that satisfied, in quantity at any rate, the elementary
of men, and Quincey on the other, were forcing a way to the cart.  It
of mind without my saying a word.  Then, turning to the other two, he
of mortmain, since the tiller, as emblemship, if not proof, of
of my bed for a week, that is when I once got into it at night.
of my love passed into hate and loathing.  Had she then to be killed,
of my own, to whom I was married before I ever saw Dr. Seward, or he
of natural sleep, and the strange oppression of the air
of need.
of noon and sunset, and so engage with him when he is at his most
of occult forces which work for physical life in strange way, and in
of old coffins and piles of dust.  In the third, however, I made a
of one to the empty veins which pine for him.  John was to give his
of others if not for your own."  Then seeing poor Lucy scared, as she
of our presence.
of our scientific, sceptical, matter-of-fact nineteenth century?  We
of padding.  When he saw me, he came over and apologized for his bad
of paper and was folding it into a notebook.  We had to come away as
of prosecuting that unknown night journey.  The carriage went at a
of purchase, keys and other things.  He will have paper that he write
of result.  Then bring it with you, that in all ways the operation is
of rooks--and humans.  I am busy, I need not tell you, arranging
of seeing Lucy in our favourite seat.
of sermon.  I must try to remember it and put it down.
of several.'  And with that he lifts his 'at as perlite as a lord,
of sherry was on the table half full, but there was a queer,
of shock was it?"
of some hours she woke up, she seemed brighter and better than she had
of some little service, for Lucy's sake?"
of some of its inmates lean towards the errors of non causa and
of some one resident there, that my motive was that no local interest
of standing corn, was the work of centuries.  Were another of the
of strength which I never thought he could have possessed, and
of terror afoot!
of terror fixed upon it.  By her side lay Lucy, with face white and
of that fatal series which is to blot out the very traces of my
of that firm on the board.  I did not wish to seem too eager, or to
of that terrible Being, and I said boldly, "Then, Dr. Seward, you had
of the 'top-hammer' came crashing down.  But, strangest of all, the
of the Carpathian mountains was far below it.  We saw it in all its
of the Castle Dracula, as there are no maps of this country as yet to
of the Czarina Catherine.
of the Czarina Catherine.  He swear much, and he red face and loud of
of the Undead become themselves Undead, and prey on their kind.  And
of the Undead! . . .
of the Vampire, and assured Mrs. Harker that she might rest in peace.
of the banking solicitor.  I asked to explain more fully, so that I
of the books around me.  One was an atlas, which I found opened
of the boxes.  He, too put me at once in communication with the proper
of the building by the door.  He is a bulky man, and couldn't get
of the chapel door, or the relief which we experienced by finding
of the coming party two other men, riding at breakneck speed.  One of
of the costliest and most beautiful fabrics, and must have been of
of the dead will all be gone by two, and when the sexton locks the
of the derelict ship which found her way so miraculously
of the devils against us!"
of the frontier guard, for as the Turks say, 'water sleeps, and the
of the frontier of Turkeyland.  Aye, and more than that, endless duty
of the ghastly look that so upset you, and her breathing was normal.
of the grooms and helpers whom I saw around if they could tell me
of the happiness you bring!"  The strength of the handshake was so
of the harbour, like a bullying man going through a crowd.  Somehow I
of the law on us.  Their threats were, however, mingled
of the law which we were incurring in our unhallowed work.  Besides, I
of the men remarked,
of the night would have increased manifold.  To add to the
of the old house next to the abbey.  The sheep and lambs are bleating
of the open door.  The old man motioned me in with his right hand with
of the persons who could arrange this service.  When the box was
of the room, as I felt he would like to be quite alone with her, but
of the room.  I suppose there is something in a woman's nature that
of the same odorous flowers.
of the shop with a small parcel, and gave it to the lady, who then
of the thirst and the language that was of bloom and blood laughed, as
of the time tables now.  I knew that if anything were to take us to
of the two figures sitting patiently on the edge of the bed he went
of the valley.  To my left the view is cut off by a black line of roof
of the window.  All was dark and silent, the black shadows thrown by
of the windows.  Between it and the town there is another church, the
of the wolf?"
of the yard, the Slovaks were given some money by the Szgany, and
of their confidence.  I am myself a professional man."
of their liberties.  And I am sure that you, Dr. Seward, humanitarian
of their old pleading.  I might almost say, cringing, softness.  I was
of them might not sit up with Miss Lucy.  They implored me to let
of them.  She lay in her Vampire sleep, so full of life and
of them.  So, my dear, we will send him away to smoke the cigarette
of this house at once.  Send me away how you will and where you will,
of this madman than I shall from the teaching of the most wise.  Who
of those horrible, strong-smelling flowers about everywhere, and she
of those old witches, who, expelled from Scythia had mated with the
of those other strong men.
of those who have not incurred His wrath.
of thought.  No?  Nor in hypnotism . . ."
of us looked whilst he bent over her.
of us wore it by instinct.  We got to the graveyard by half-past one,
of us, and so I had a good view of him.  His face was not a good
of us.  But we hid in a door till he had disappeared up an opening such
of us.  My title will make it all right with the locksmith, and with
of which he had spoken, and I had verified all as well as I could by
of which was such a castle as Jonathan tell of in his diary.  At
of which were delivered at Carfax, we also know that at least some of
of wild bulls.
off Cape Farewell a year later, or old John Rawlings, whose
off him four years ago.  He was a nice well-behaved wolf,
off my head, or do whatever else may be wanting to give me rest!"
off on the wolds near that horrid place.  We have got horses, and we
off soon.  Lucy is full of quiet joy, and her mother is glad and sorry
off the howl of wolves.  Then I bethought me of my dear Madam
off to the British Museum looking up some authorities on ancient
off towards dusk, and she waked naturally.  She looked a different
off whole peoples.  Oh!  If such an one was to come from God, and not
off.  Now that you are near, I await your commands, and you will not
offend, and went down with the mate and saw where it was place, and
offensiveness, as one smells in blood.
offered it to me.
offered me, at the same time excusing himself that he did not smoke.
office and then to the ship, where he will not go aboard but halt at
office for more details.  By good fortune, the men who did the teaming
officers was a prolific theme for comment whilst she remained in
officials or the seamen.  Thank God!  This is the country where
officials, and I saw that their tally was correct with the original
oh, my dear, if it is to be that I must meet death at any hand, let it
old I knew the sudden changes to which this particular patient was
old Oriental band of brigands.  They are, however, I am told, very
old and stained.
old chapel or church.  I could not enter it, as I had not the key of
old house seemed like home.  When we had finished, Mrs. Harker said,
old place may be full of rats, and if so, I've got an antidote on
old the Hospadars would not repair them, lest the Turk should think
oleander and orange trees in green tubs clustered in the centre of the
on Messrs. Mackenzie & Steinkoff, the agents of the London firm of
on a bracket on the wall, and stepping out, took my luggage.  He had
on action his hands never trembled nor even quivered.  Van Helsing
on at our conferences, and feeling the sting of our not showing our
on fire with zeal.  Some new guiding power be in her manifested,
on fire, and I waited with a despairing feeling growing over me.  As I
on her face that I could not quite make out, so I said nothing, but
on his forehead where Jonathan had struck him.  For an instant my
on his life.  He blew nigh the top of his head off with an old musket
on his own ground?  This was a Dracula indeed!  Woe was it that his
on in a deep, tranquil, life-giving, health-giving sleep.  Her lips
on it should in itself become a danger, for it is evidently a fierce
on land, before sunrise or after sunset, he came out from his
on my way.  The stake we play for is life and death, or more than
on one account, and we were glad, though it was with a tempered joy.
on shore.  In the night he may lie hidden somewhere, but if he be not
on some clothes and got ready to look for her.  As I was leaving the
on some train of thought.
on the Borgo Pass.  One by one several of the passengers offered me
on the boat between sunrise and sunset.  The Count, even if he takes
on the chase afresh.  I fear that the boat is not any better for the
on the floor.  The instant his feet touched the ground he seemed to
on the forehead showed on the pallid skin like a palpitating wound.
on the ground beside me as I stood close to a great door, old and
on the ground.  The snow fell on them softly, and they grew
on the harbour mouth across the East Pier, where the shock was
on the other occasions.  Her struggle back into life was something
on the red scar on my poor darling's white forehead.  Whilst that
on the rocks above the passes, that they might sweep destruction on
on the sand heap.  Every spar, rope, and stay was strained, and some
on the subject with her under any circumstances.  Indeed, It may not
on the subject, and will, in any case, communicate with his lordship
on the tombstones.  Look here all around you in what airt ye will.  All
on the top of the rock, and began to search the horizon.
on the very thing which is most to be deplored.  If I hadn't gone to
on the way.  We had left behind the child in safety, and were tired.
on the wheel, changes about with every puff of wind.  We'll hear more
on us and travelled wi' us, till when after it had lifted and we
on watch.  But I cannot sleep, how can I with the terrible danger
on which the seat was rested, close to the edge of the cliff.  "Read
on which was written with a carpenter's pencil in a sprawling hand,
on which was written--"I have to be absent for a while.  Do not wait
on with a sort of cheerfulness which showed that the serious work had
on with a voice full of pity.
on with our labor, what it may be."
on!  There is more to tell if you will.  Be not afraid.  John and I
on, "Besides, it will attract less attention if there are not too many
on, "If I were not sure already, I would know from them."
on, as though to distract my attention from it, "I don't take any
on, or rather after, a particular occasion which he never fails to
on, since it is yours.  Your letters are sacred to me.  Your pardon,
on.  He will have his book of cheques.  There are many belongings that
on.  I tremble and tremble even yet, though till all was
on.  We shall never feel happy till we get the launch in sight again.
on?"
once I exulted and feared.  For now, for good or ill, the end was
once and drive a stake through his heart.  Morris and Godalming and I
once any abstract truth, that we may doubt such to be possible when we
once laid out our plan of attack, and without speaking a word, with a
once of an American who so defined faith, 'that faculty which enables
once our feet are on the ploughshare we must not draw back."
once tasted blood of the human, care no more for the other prey, but
once that in my opinion there is not any functional disturbance or
once we heard the crow of the cock coming up with preternatural
once, as he had something of the utmost importance to say to me.  I
once, is the fulcrum whereby child brain become man brain.  And until
once.  I shall see Miss Westenra tomorrow again.  She is to meet me
one accord they shrank back.  The Professor was the first to move
one day, when we know of the disposal of him we drive him out.  He is
one end of the chest, attempting to prize off the lid with his great
one man to attend, say, to banking, and another to look after
one o'clock.  That he went south has a meaning for us.  He is as yet
one of my best.
one of my own race who as Voivode crossed the Danube and beat the Turk
one of the old man's hands and bent over and kissed it.  Then without
one of the spikes of the rail, saying something to a policeman who
one of wonder, which merged in doubt, then to my intense astonishment
one old man.  Ah, yes, I know, friend John.  I am not blind!  I love
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
one that may be, mind, I say may be, of such interest to us and others
one to my own.  He was amazed, and a great concern seemed to come on
one way out for me, you must not and I must not take it!"  She looked
one would refuse me a kitten, would they?"
one's flesh does when the hand that is to tickle it approaches nearer,
one's thoughts.  He tries this on very much with me, but I flatter
one, are now to me, flesh of my flesh, blood of my blood, kin of my
one, drawing it close to her, she kissed it.  "My true friend," she
one.  But I have not done.  May I cut off the head of dead Miss Lucy?"
one.  I dared not pause to look on her as I had on her sister,
one.  I was now myself looking out for the conveyance which was to
one.  Yesterday I was almost willing to accept Van Helsing's monstrous
one; and so, without a moment's delay, we began the operation.
ones that came from Norway to Jamrach's, which we bought
ones.  He escaped before without our help.  Tonight he shall escape
only a few door from a big white church, or somethink of the kind, not
only a low creature, not half so clever or bold as a good dog, and
only a moment from his coming into the room till both his
only a short time before him.  That he is not here already shows that
only a small amount of cargo, a number of great wooden boxes filled
only a steady swirl of water softly running against the hawser.  I can
only a wild, surging desire to do something.  Seeing the quick
only anchor.  Thank God!  Mina is sleeping, and sleeping without
only appear on one night, and on that night no man of this land will,
only by a spell of warning silence.
only chance is to prolong my opportunities.  Something may occur which
only change when the time come.  It is said, too, that he can only
only had them earlier we might have saved poor Lucy!  Stop!  That way
only his sense of humor asserting itself under very terrible
only holding up his hand for silence?  How was it that all the people
only in his night gear, and cannot be far off.
only knew!
only knows.  I have an idea that Van Helsing thinks he knows, too, but
only one Black Sea bound ship go out with the tide.  She is the
only one could act at a time, and that to change would be certain to
only one such byroad.  It is used but little, and very different
only son of his mother, and she was a widow.'  Really, Mr. Swales, I
only suspicious, and he went from Carfax first to the place where he
only to make sure that the ship cannot come into port between sunset
only trust the good God.  Silence!  Here she comes!"
only way to reach the East Cliff.  The town seemed as dead, for not a
only yesterday that the last entry was made, and yet how much between
only, "It dropped from Lucy's breast when we carried her to the bath."
onrushing mist swept with it the surface of the sea.  Once or twice
onwards through the gloom, with the howling of the wolves around us,
oot bein' able to signal.  An' til we came to the Dardanelles and had
open for an instant and closed again.  The maids shrieked, and
open life with eyes to see ears to hear than he, shut as he is, in his
open to him.  But there was not of time.  When that fail he make
opened a vein in his breast.  When the blood began to spurt out, he
opened for me himself the door to the octagonal room, and I entered my
opened her eyes, but she did not seem the same woman.  There was a
opened his missal and began to read, and Quincey and I followed as
opened it with much impressment, assumed, of course, and showed a
opened it.  Then she returned and whispered to us that there was a
opened up the lofty, snow-covered peak of a mountain, which seemed, as
opened, and placed the flowers amongst the others on and around the
opened, but the blinds were already down, with that obedience to the
opening the window with one wrench of his terrible hand, he flung out
opportunities to fix the problem.
opportunity for our attempt.  The funeral held at noon was all
opportunity of seeing it.  The castle is on the very edge of a
opportunity that we seek, when none are near to see, we shall open the
opportunity to explore more than I had dared to do as yet.  I went
opportunity which I might not have again, so I exerted myself, and
opportunity, and told her that my old master, Van Helsing, the great
opportunity.  At such a time I myself might be . . . nay!  If the time
opposite my window, the high spot which it touched seemed to me as if
opposite to them, so she leant over and read, "Sacred to the memory of
oppressive, and the silence was so marked that the bleating of a
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
or chinks or crannies.  If he go through a doorway, he must open the
or culverin could not reach, and consequently light and comfort,
or east.  And even leave them somewhere near the neighbourhood we are
or else the very subject seems to have become repugnant to her, for
or her mother, and hoped to only bring a servant to the door.  After a
or implication, not at any time whilst this remains to me!"  And she
or in any way due to her unconscious influence, she must have some
or me?"
or no.  If we had a quick voyage it would be no to our miscredit
or pauses in his speaking if he hears my words, 'Ha, ha!  A stranger!'
or rather it ought to have done so, for after rushing to the station
or rather supper, a chicken done up some way with red pepper, which
or ridges wide apart, such a forehead that the reddish hair cannot
or say, and before any impulse of violence could seize him he realized
or small lake, evidently fed by some springs, as the water is clear
or so I lost sight of her.  When I came in view again the cloud had
or sunset, and lasts till either the sun is high, or whilst the clouds
or the Turk poured his thousands on our frontiers, we drove them back?
or the bottom of the shaving pot, which is fortunately of metal.
or the cut off head that giveth rest.  We have seen it with our eyes.
or they would not have been here."
or those I saw coming through France and Germany, with short jackets,
or troubling her waking or sleeping thoughts with sights and sounds
order a number of hollow cylinders of metal covered with dark wax, and
order to have my hands free to help her, I fastened the shawl at her
order up to within three days, but contained nothing of special
order.  Let all things which touch on others dear to us, and who on us
ordered by telegraph, he being the one who could best be spared, since
ordinary knock, such as is given hourly by thousands of gentlemen, but
ordinary lunatic I would have taken my chance of trusting him, but he
original vendors are the executors of the late Mr. Archibald
originally.  I found I could pull back the bolts easily enough and
other enemies more mundane, this revolver and this knife, and for aid
other good fellow, or you could not love him, hasn't spoken yet."
other in a frightened sort of way.  He mumbled out that the money had
other reason."
other things to think of some time, if not now.  You tell me she has
other to find that Van Helsing was mad, but anyhow I shall watch him
other, and together moved out into the hall.  We each held ready to
other, our old pal at the Korea, Jack Seward.  He's coming, too, and
other.
other.  Usually when the UnDead sleep at home," as he spoke he made a
other.  We were afraid to think.
other?"
others are young.  Some have seen sorrow, but there are fair days yet
others shall follow, strike in God's name, that so all may be well
others that Mrs. Harker could not quite hear or understand.  We must
others that make so inquisitive questions.  We must obey, and silence
others we can be so successful, then the sunset of this evening may
others were out till dinner time, and they all came in tired.  I did
others, but for him and you there is no dread.  He is a
others.  You, my dear Madam Mina, will learn it in the phonograph of
ought to be here by now.  That she is still journeying somewhere is
ought to tell her husband everything.  Don't you think so, dear?  And
our brave young lover, give him of the port wine, and let him lie down
our course of action.  I see only one immediate difficulty, I know it
our deliberations.  It is too great a strain for a woman to bear.  I
our effort to choose the wisest course, how can we perform the duty
our enemy is still on the river.  I am afraid to think of Jonathan,
our establishment!"
our gate to ask the porter their way, as they were strangers.
our grounds from those of the deserted house.
our hope was centred, looming up grim and silent in its deserted
our inner eyes and sympathy on ourselves, whilst health and strength
our lethal weapons would avail us anything.
our mercy, for we can open the box and make sure of him, as we did of
our operation, and then replace all, so that none know, save we
our other friend, too nervous, let slip, you did more for him when
our own gate looking at the sunset, when once more I heard him
our own home, with her daily tasks to interest her, than in being here
our own way we had a sort of vague idea of what she meant.
our rock, and held our weapons ready.  I could see that he was
our shelter.
our sight.
our spirits at once.
our sympathy will be comfort to each other, even though we do not
our task, and God alone knows what may be in store for any of us.  You
our trouble is still existent.  Even Mrs. Harker seems to lose sight
our troubles.
our work is done, one the most harrowing to ourselves.  But there
our work of tomorrow may be the beginning of the end.  I wonder if
ours.  But we are pledged to set the world free.  Our toil must be in
ourselves and the servants there, one or two old friends of his from
ourselves in the open I know not, but most certainly the shadow of
ourselves saw Miss Lucy, ere she was at peace, slip through a
ourselves?"  I nodded in reply and went out.  I found no difficulty
out a lot of things, which he laid on the step, sorting them into four
out another night, it would probably be fatal.  But in any case I
out before your very eyes.'  I was appalled and was too bewildered to
out both his hands and took mine, I think I put them into
out her hand, "I promise you, my dear friend, that if God will let me
out of every window I could find, but after a little the conviction of
out of sight, and then went and lay down in a corner and wouldn't
out of that way lies madness indeed.  I begin to get new lights on
out of the mist, or rather as if the mist had turned into his figure,
out of the room I could hear the key turn softly.  A minute later I
out of the room.
out of this.  You don't know what you do by keeping me here.  I am
out one hand to Van Helsing who took it in his, and after stooping and
out powerfully when we should least expect it.
out through the ring and to aid his approach, I shouted and beat the
out to destroy the boxes in these places.  The rest of us are, with
out to explain the purchase of a London estate to a foreigner?
out to me, I being nearest to him, "put these flowers round your
out, "Why, this beats even shorthand!  May I hear it say something?"
out, and seeing them pointing to my window, said something, at which
out-argue them he bullies them, and then takes their silence for
out.
out.  I can feel it pass me like a cold wind.  I can hear, far off,
out.  It soon passed, however, and once more his glasses were fixed on
out.  Mind, I don't say that they never was, but I do say that they
out.  The castle stood as before, reared high above a waste of
out.  When we got to the porch the Professor opened his bag and took
out?"
outbreak, which might have had a dreadful ending, but which, as
outer world.  There were many things new to me.  For instance,
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
outside, and threw away the box.  Then he shut the window, and
outside, and which I had seen myself, he turned the key in the lock,
outside.
outstretched arms and a wanton smile he fell back and hid his face in
over and took my ear in his hand and pulled it playfully, as he used
over any place where treasure has been concealed.
over books, and, simply to keep my mind occupied, went over some of
over her heart as one distressed with running.  She was leaning
over her heart, and continued.  "You must read it over me some day.
over it just ere the final dissolution came, as realization
over the Danube from Turkey Land."
over the nervousness he may want to tell me of it all, and I can ask
over the nose now seemed like a heaving bar of white-hot metal.  With
over the old ground which was, and is, to us so full of vivid and
over them they come to her, and so she draw their blood with that so
over whom hung such a pall of fear, I could not have gone
over, God be thanked, my nerve did stand.  Had I not seen
over, and blessed but if he didn't put in his hand and stroke
over, and came to the conclusion that the best thing I could do would
over-anxious unless you hear from me."
overhead the air began to carry a strange, faint, hollow booming.
overpowering me.  I am in fear, in awful fear, and there is no escape
overslept ourselves, for the day was a busy one, and the night had no
overwhelm me in a rush.  The pity for Jonathan, the horror which he
overwhelmed her that her overwrought nature had its voice in that
overwrought and perhaps over-anxious.  Husband Jonathan would not like
own accord.  When I had dressed myself I went into the room where we
own boy had I been so blessed that he live, and with his hair and eyes
own chamber or to these rooms, for your rest will then be safe.  But
own cigar burnt furiously, but Van Helsing's went cold altogether.  We
own diary and my husband's also, which I have typed, you will know me
own diary had come to be of some use through Mrs. Harker's suggestion,
own feelings, but the depression is strange.  Far off I hear the
own heart beat.  Presently, he said in a soft voice, "Do not stir an
own home with your husband.  I wish you were coming home soon enough
own land to do what I can of good, at the first to please my friend
own lips, tells that once before, when in what Mr. Morris would call
own on the Thames, and another on the Norfolk Broads.  Regarding our
own sake," he added, "for if a man's esteem and gratitude are ever
own unworthy brother, when he had fallen, sold his people to the Turk
own which mere "modernity" cannot kill.
owned a so fine house in London, and when he went for months of summer
owner of the ship, who have shown us invoices and all papers that can
owners of more than a hundred boats have already given in their
ownership of the house.  I remembered my experience of the investigation
package of anything like the size of the one we seek.  The men were
page at http://pglaf.org
paid for his work by an English bank note, which had been duly cashed
paid my friend for his information, I started off for Piccadilly.  I
pain was great.  From this grim tomb you will emerge as though you
pain, but it is the truth.  They whispered together, and then they all
pain.
pained, but it is need that we know all.  For now more than ever has
painful that it heartbreak me to think of it, but it must be.  When
pair of eyes.  Come!
pair till we can meet together and arrange about taking action.
pajamas and slippers; the former spoke, "I heard your man call up Dr.
pale and weak-looking. All the resolution has gone out of his dear
pale as death.  For a second or two her eyes were closed as if she
pale face as she put her arms round me and said softly, "Oh, thank God
pale, and no word she said.  But when I drew near, she clung to
pall of gloom which weighs us down were somewhat lifted.  We all
pallor the joy of his face seemed absolutely to shine.  After a bit I
paper an' preachin' them out of pulpits, does want to be cuttin' them
paper is as sunshine.  It opens the gate to me.  I am dazed, I am
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
paralyzed London and set all the children in town shivering
paralyzed.  In the pause he spoke in a sort of keen, cutting whisper,
paramount, and only accident or a series of accidents can balance it.
paraphernalia of our beneficial trade," as he once called, in one of
parcel he realized my meaning.
parched lips, and the patient quickly revived.
parish one, round which is a big graveyard, all full of tombstones.
paroxysm were really appalling.  I found my hands full when I got in,
part of the horrible curse that such is, when his touch is on his
part that his better part may have spiritual immortality.  You must be
parted with some of his pets and got a new one.
partially restored her.
particular part of it in case I wanted to look it up?"
particular state visit http://pglaf.org
partner of the important firm Hawkins & Harker.  And so, as you
parts.  It has the same tiny wound in the throat as has
pass me by, will you, dear Master, in your distribution of good
pass running water at the slack or the flood of the tide.  Then there
pass with leaden feet as we waited for the coming of the others.
passage the smell grew closer and heavier.  At last I pulled open a
passage to a circular stairway, which went steeply down.
passage which sent up a clanging echo.  I turned to run down again
passage, she had her back to me, so did not see me, and go into the
passed for it, had grown more frequent, so that the pauses when
passed into him.  His bundle of names links all our little band of men
passed only a few open boats, but none of them had on board any box or
passed some of the wafer, and I broke it fine so that all was
passed, and the moonlight struck so brilliantly that I could see Lucy
passengers, and they kept speaking to him, one after the other, as
passing gleams of the moonlight between the scudding clouds crossing
passing of the time, he can flourish when that he can fatten on the
passing.
passion of her husband's voice, as in tones so broken and emotional
passion.  For the first week after his attack he was perpetually
past is a clue, and the one page of it that we know, and that from his
past moods had interpreted things seemingly foreign to himself, I
past us before any of us could raise a hand to stay him.  There was
past, but he cannot think of time yet, and I shall not wonder if at
past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me
past.  Whilst I live on here there is but one thing to hope for, that
patch of grey light ahead of us, as though there were a cleft in the
path.  They should have kept their energies for use closer to home.
pathos.  The wicked wolf that for a half a day had
pathway, we waited and watched until he saw it as he flashed his
patient began to rate him from within, and called him all
patient interests me much.  May it be that with you I visit him this
patient that he influence.  No?  Then, friend John, am I to take it
patient voice.
patient, Master.  It is coming, coming, coming!"
patient, Renfield, there is more to say.  He has had another
patient.  The wounds of the face were superficial.  The real injury
patients, who, being some of them hardly in mental equilibrium, are
paucity of the written words with a few more details.  These were, I
pause asked him, "In God's name, what does it all mean?  Was she, or
paused a few seconds before replying, "It is sold, sir."
paused and raised his hat as he said solemnly, "Then I fear we are too
paused.
pays them well to make the exchange of horses.  We get hot soup, or
peace and comfort in every breath I drew.  As I leaned from the window
peace for her at last.  It is the end!"
peace."  He put his hands on the Professor's shoulder, and laying his
peacefully and was forgetting my trouble.  It seems brutally selfish
peasants without a leader?  Where ends the war without a brain and
peculiar man!  After breakfast I did a little exploring in the
pell-mell from the so little dogs of my friend Arthur.  We have other
people in all walks of life.
people know me, and I am master.  But a stranger in a strange land, he
people may have stolen it."  I felt that I was speaking folly, and yet
people of the house are careful to lock the door every night, so I
people who have come to be since he was.  His glimpse that he have
people?  What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked?
peoples.  I admit that at the first I was sceptic.  Were it not that
perfection, that one is my poor wronged darling.  I loved her a
perfectly rejoiced."
perfectly; at least, he answered my questions exactly as if he did.
perform what we call transfusion of blood, to transfer from full veins
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
perhaps a couple of minutes there was silence, and I could fancy that
perhaps is lost, no, no, not yet, but is at any rate at stake, you
perhaps pity me the most of all."
peril!  On your living soul I charge you that you do not die.  Nay,
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
permission.  There was absolutely nothing in the room, book,
permit the world to be the poorer by the loss of such a creature.  This
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
permitted to look over the log book of the Demeter, which was in
person as when he and I were alone.
person, for when I asked him about the bells at sea and the White Lady
person, he choose no time of suitability.  He say, 'I am here.'
person."
personal, even the terrible change in her daughter to whom she is so
persons, and I never saw the man angry, nor heard the dog bark.  During
pet lunatic, the most pronounced of his type that I had ever met with,
petition in a moving manner.  As he saw that the very excess of his
philosopher and a metaphysician, and one of the most advanced
phonograph diary whilst I await her.  As yet I have not had the chance
phonograph, the poor girl brightened up considerably.  Already the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
physical matters I was quite satisfied that there is no need for
physiognomist.  I learn more here with each hour.  I am with so much
pick out any particular part of the diary."
picture-galleries and for walks and rides in the park.  As
picturesque.
piece of steel.  I think he understood my look.  I hope he did.
piece of the Sacred Wafer he laid it reverently on the earth, and then
piercingly with an agonized confusion which I shall never forget, and
piers there is a narrow opening into the harbour, which then suddenly
piers, and with their spume swept the lanthorns of the lighthouses
piers, leaping from wave to wave as it rushed at headlong speed,
pig in a poke', as they say in Scotland, and if it be anything in
pipe, he said,
pirates off the coast of Andres, April, 1854, age 30."  When I came
pitiful to him, too, though it may not hold your hands from his
pitiful to see her so brave and yet so sorrowful, and in such a depth
pityingly.  I could hear a lot of words often repeated, queer words,
place of all the world most of promise for him.  Then he deliberately
place that I would go.  God forbid that I should take her into that
place was for sale.  It was surrounded by a high wall, of ancient
place was small and close, and the long disuse had made the air
place where my poor darling suffered so much.  God grant that we may
place with no refuge that he could fly to?  This is not what he
place, and we came away.
place, where he have been alive, Undead for all these centuries, is
place.
place.
place.  After a few minutes' staring at nothing, Jonathan's eyes
place.  But, there, you can't trust wolves no more nor women."
place.  I read to him the notes which I had made at the time, and
place.  Let me be prosaic so far as facts can be.  It will help me to
place.  There is no reason why he should.  His hunting ground is
place.  There is work, wild work, to be done before that place can be
placed as Dr. Van Helsing directed, and soon fell asleep.
placed at hand a bell which either of them was to sound in case of any
places where I must go, where that sunlight, though snow and mist
places, his song of birds, his music and his love, lie far behind.  You
placing them ready for use.  First he took out a soldering iron and
plaintive supplication, and poured forth a torrent of entreaty, with
plans, we finally decided that Mina's guess was correct, and that if
platforms, and I was beginning to feel uneasy, lest I might miss my
play your brains against mine.  You would help these men to hunt me
played on by a cunning hand.  The fair girl shook her head
playing nothing but Red Riding Hood on the Heath and in every alley in
pleasantly, and held out her hand.
please the young and gay.  I am no longer young, and my heart, through
please you, that you shall stay with me until a month from now."
pleased with the prospect of anything to do, if "pleased" could be
pleasure coming to you to breakfast, and, oh, sir, you will pardon
pleasure of fiends.
plenty of money, are willing to spend it so freely.  For if they did
point blank if he had been asleep.  He denied sleep, but admitted to
point of contempt.  Isn't that true, doctor?"
point of it in the body.  Then we cut off the head and filled the
point the centripetal force is balanced with the centrifugal.  When
point, and found that this was so.  I would have liked to have asked
point, where we would be less exposed in case of attack.  The rough
pointed northwards, "or where the currants may have drifted them.
pointed our weapons at them.  Seeing that they were surrounded the men
pointed two fingers towards me.
pointed with specie, we doing the punctuation, and with a little
pointing as he spoke to Jonathan.
poise of the head strikes me at once as indicative of thought and
poison in my blood, in my soul, which may destroy me, which must
pole part afore I chucks in their dinner, but I waits till they've
police refused to allow to come on board.  By the courtesy of the
political economy, botany, geology, law, all relating to England and
polyandrist, and me, with my poor wife dead to me, but alive by
polyglot dictionary from my bag and looked them out.
pondered awhile, and then some thought occurred to me, and I made
poor Lucy does not know it yet.  I am sure that there is something
poor Lucy's condition.  The time and distance seemed endless, and my
poor Lucy, before he wakes.  What mercy he shall get from us all will
poor lady was present, for he knew her state and how mischievous a
poor lady whom we love shall again be free.  Instead of working
poor veins, could not live even one day?  For, had she live one more
poor, dear Jonathan!  How he must have suffered.  Please the good God,
poring over the record prepared by the Harkers.  He seems to think
port and saw the coastguards, the Customs Officers and the harbour
portion of the Host.  When we closed the door behind us, the Professor
positive smile ousted the anxiety of his face.
positively blazing.  The red light in them was lurid, as if the flames
positively longer and sharper than usual.  When she woke the softness
possession of the goods consigned to him.
possession of the ship, and paid all harbour dues, etc.
possible that the Professor can have done it himself?  He is so
possible, but that I would see about it.  His face fell, and I could
possibly tumble over it, but falls naturally back and to the sides.
post I got my directed envelope with a dirty scrap of paper enclosed,
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
posting my own letters, and that any wickedness which he may do shall
pounding and scraping of horses' feet up the rocky path beyond the
pourparlers are over, may I ask what it is we are to do?"
power in the world indeed.  Van Helsing is lying down, having a rest
power, that so she come not to him.  Ah!  There I have hope that our
power.  The head is noble, well-sized, broad, and large behind the
powerful one; only the diabolical quickness of the Count's leap back
powerfully brought home to me by the grim surroundings, of that
powers of the psychic faculties.  The ancients did well when they
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
practice interviewing.  Jonathan's friend on "The Exeter News" told
praise from an old man, but you are blessed in your wife."
pray it will all last.
prayer for the dead, I shall read him, I have here the book, and the
praying on a very tumultuous scale, from Mr. Renfield's room, which is
precaution take.  I shall give hypodermic injection of morphia."  He
precede.  The place was not so gruesome as last night, but oh, how
precious time is, or what a task we have in hand.  I must be careful
precious time!"
precipice is steep and high.  At its foot a man may sleep, as a man.
predestinate to crime, and who will of none other.  This criminal has
prejudice, and with the habit of keeping an open mind, Dr. Seward will
prelude.  The faces of the others were set, and Harker's grew ashen
preparatory to his journey.  He goes to Amsterdam tonight, but says he
prepared at once for Mrs. Harker.
prepared her for the night I came in, having in the meantime had
prepared to carry out her wishes.  Of course, we had then no
prepared to meet a good specimen of manhood, but hardly the quiet,
prepared with an exact ordering of our work.
prepossessing.  On the stage they would be set down at once as some
prescribed.  She took but a little, and that languidly.  There did not
presence were removed from me.  Perhaps . . .
presence, that I fled from the place, and leaving the Count's room by
present all the time.  He is, I fear, much concerned, but says he
present it was useless to speak to him.  He was sulky, and so I came
present, and in a few seconds I made up my mind that she was trying
present, and there was no one to be shocked, he said such funny
present, at all events, though they are doubtless terrible in winter
presently I forget all of watching.  And when I sudden remember
pressed for moments and had to arrange as best he could.
pretend to sleep, lest Jonathan have added anxiety about me when he
pretended that he could not understand my German.
pretending not to understand, but generally he answered all I asked
pretense of animation merge into reality.  Then, without
pretty family of tame sparrows should be wiped out in the same manner
pretty girl.  He was looking at her so hard that he did not see either
pretty loud so that he would hear me through his closed ears, "Would
prevailed.  Her husband flung himself on his knees beside her, and
prevent this.  We must keep her ignorant of our intent, and so she
previous conversation, but he would not attend.  He went on with his
previous experience it was plain to us that the Count had been using
preying on my dear girl's mind.  I am almost distracted when I think
preying on the bodies and the souls of those we love best.  To us
pride, is acant, simply tumblin' down with the weight o' the lies
principle have in strange way found their utmost.  And as his body
principle, but empirically.  And when he learn to do, then there is to
prisoner than the slave of the galley, than the madman in his cell.
prisoner!
proceeded then, swiftly and deftly, to carry out his intent.
proceeded with our task.  We found no papers, or any sign of use in
prolonged suffering.  I seemed to quite do away with any doubt, and
prolonged that it seemed as though it would tear open his chest.
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
promise me in the dark, so that afterwards, though you may be angry
promise me, one and all, even you, my beloved husband, that should the
promise secrecy.  Her doctor told her that within a few months, at
promise to go on to the bitter end?"
promise to her, that so she closed her eyes grateful?  Yes!
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
prompt them to throw him in the stream where he perish.  This he
properly and wisely, there may be an inquest, and that paper would
properly intelligible account of themselves, but the
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
proportions and recognized the strong young manhood which seemed to
proportions, and all untouched save for my own footsteps when I had
proposal.  She seems not too well herself, and doubtless she fears to
propose that we add Winchesters to our armament.  I have a kind of
propose.  First, that we go off now and see that child in the
proprietor may get them on his entering the house by means of his
protect him from any harm that might come.  She said nothing, however,
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
protectingly.  After a pause in which she was evidently ordering her
protest.
proved himself a friend.
provide.  You are weakened already."  As he spoke he took off his coat
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
provisions and forced them upon me.  But I could not eat, to even try
prowl unceasing till he get him.  This that we hunt from our village
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
pull it down and take all away within a certain time.  And your police
pulled him down sitting on the bedside, and clung to him fiercely.
pulled me, suddenly and forcibly, into the dining room and closed the
punctures in her throat and the ragged, exhausted appearance of their
punctures, not large, but not wholesome looking.  There was no sign of
punished for what you have done.  You have aided in thwarting me.  Now
pure and glowed with fervour.  I was glad to see her paleness and
purify.  Remember that we are in terrible straits.  If the Count
purpose, seemed to overawe those in front of him.  Instinctively they
purpose.
purpose.  It may not be too late.  Let us be armed, the same as we
purpose.  That purpose is remorseless.  As he fled back over the
purpose?  It seems to me that we ought to take cabs when we go south
pursue, he take hundreds of years to get so far as London.  And yet in
put down all he said exactly as he said it, for to me it was most
put down exactly almost every word spoken, even if you had to refine
put me in a strait waistcoat.  I want to think and I cannot think
put them in his cap.  I could do no more.  I stole back to the study,
puts upon him makes him nervous.  He begins to doubt himself.  I
putting his arms round her, hid his face in the folds of her dress.
putting out her poor, pale, thin hand, took Van Helsing's great brown
putting out his two fingers and crossing himself.  "Give me the Herr's
putting them in order.  I gave them each a copy to read in the
puzzle than before.  But even if the burial service was comic, what
puzzle to grapple with.
puzzled at this, and being close, asked him what it was that he was
puzzled me.  The last time we talked of the subject we agreed that
puzzled we got, till now I can say for myself that I'm about up a tree
qualities mad people most respect.  She walked over to him, smiling
quantity that I have had myself to expostulate.  To my astonishment,
quartered somewhere in the castle and are doing work of some kind.  I
quest, and in my garb, too!  This, then, is his new scheme of evil,
question went for the Professor.  He had evidently expected some such
questions as to my journey, and I told him by degrees all I had
questions as to what I meant, and led me to believe that he was
questions on Transylvania history, and he warmed up to the subject
questions, and to ask them pretty resolutely, before we could learn
questions, that so I may not chance to miss nothing.  I know well
questions.  Without offence did I tell yer to go to 'ell?"
quick exclamation as he woke to partial consciousness, and turned to
quick to run as once.  And I am not used to ride so long or to pursue
quick, sensitive nostrils, that seem to broaden as the big bushy brows
quick, with blood, for that his ship will leave the place, of blood,
quick.  And when we start to go on land more quick, and we meet him
quicken, and everything became more and more clear.  Harker was still
quicker to the standard of the King?  When was redeemed that great
quickest speed she has ever made at least three weeks to reach Varna.
quickly as her nerves received the pain of it, and the two so
quickly fell away again, so that he remained of a ghastly whiteness.
quickly that I could hardly believe that it was ever there.
quickly, "Oh, it is a soul you are after now, is it?"
quickly, so we must trephine at once or it may be too late."
quiet from moonrise to sunrise.  I wish I could get some clue to the
quiet grave tone, "Tell us your dream, Mr. Renfield."
quiet, well-bred voice, "You will, I trust, Dr. Seward, do me the
quiet.  But I could hear her poor dear heart still beating
quit.  Won't you just hitch up alongside of me and let us go down
quite a harvest of flies.  He is not now eating them, but putting them
quite a little pool trickled on to the carpet.  I saw that my friend
quite alone for a moment.
quite alone, and there was not a sign of any living thing about.
quite alone.
quite an assemblage on the walk along the cliff in the old
quite choky.
quite given up walking in my sleep.  I think I have not stirred out
quite reasonable, she ventured, looking at me questioningly as she
quite right.  I am a new man this morning.  And, as I sit here and
quite so bad as they used to be when he was a student here.  I am to
quite trust me then, for to trust such violence needs to understand,
quite upset me, and I feel I cannot write of happiness just at once,
quivered with intent.  Van Helsing slapped him on the shoulder.
racing for home, and rise and dip in the ground swell as they sweep
radius.  The Professor had evidently noted the road we were to go, for
railway touters to skeer an' scunner hafflin's, an' to get folks to do
rain does.  Perhaps it was reading the journal yesterday that upset
raised a warning hand for silence as he whispered to me, "Hush!  Go
raised his hand over his head for a moment, as though in remonstrance
raised his hands over his head in a sort of mute despair, and then
raised his hat.  His mouth moved as though he were praying.  After a
raised in a high key of passion.  The other Mr. Morris' strong
raising the eyelids and looking at the eyes, and once more opening the
ran with his favouring wind through fogs and all till he brought
range, deep blue and purple in the shadows of the peaks, green and
rapidly that I find it difficult to keep touch of them, and as they
rapidly to where the blue flame arose, it must have been very faint,
rare gift or power.
rare one when he starts on the booze.  If you can give me a envelope
rate the Czarina Catherine has come from London.  She should therefore
rate, we might be able to follow him in force.  To this plan I
rate.  Later, we may have to take the others into our confidence."
rather coarse, broad, with squat fingers.  Strange to say, there were
rather going on with the record.  Until this afternoon I had no cause
rather languages, which my fellow-passengers were speaking, I might
rational in his speech and manner than I had ever seen him.  There was
rats, rats!  Hundreds, thousands, millions of them, and every one a
rats.
ray of moonlight fell upon the masses of driving clouds, and showed in
rays crossed each other, or the opacity of our bodies threw great
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
reached a passage where it described small puncture wounds on their
reached him in time to save poor Lucy.  However, 'the milk that is
reached the platform.  I have written this in the train.
read her mind.  Or more like he took her to see him in his earth box
read it off to them as the best means of letting them get abreast of
read it, for then it will be in your voice in my memory forever, come
read when she had got the book ready.
read."
readily that I saw again the hand of Nature fighting for life.  Van
reading her shorthand notes.
reading of them. All needless matters have been eliminated, so that a history
reading the heart, that they trouble themselves in such matter.  No,
ready for experiment, but had not yet been tried.  The officers in
ready our plan.  We know all about where he go.  For we have seen the
ready, and he sat up in bed, propped up with pillows.  He answered
ready, and we must all eat that we may be strong."
real truth now!  How silly I am.  That awful journal gets hold of my
realities of life.  Poor fellow, I thought my own trouble was bad
reality seem greater each time, the pain and the fear seem less.  There
reality."  Then his eyes roved round the room.  As they caught sight
realize how much I knew, so I said to him, "I wish I could comfort all
realize the significance of her words.  But Van Helsing and I, turning
realize where I was, and that it was Jonathan who was bending over me.
realize, the whole aspect of nature at once became convulsed.  The
really believe his purpose is to be able to pray alone.
realm, of the allaying, at a later period, this beneficial evil, one
realm, put me on the track of Bloxam.  He was sent for on my
reason for it.  So I said, as quietly as I could, "Don't wait more
reason for not answering, so I answered in the same phrase.
reason for wishing to know who purchased it."
reason, so no matter on what ground he comes, we must accept his
reasoning, aroused Van Helsing, who said, "Mine friend, that Devil is
reasons would prevail with others entirely sane.  We all five went
reassuring: 'I know you well enough; you are the old fool Van
recall anything of the journey, except that I knew I was coming to
receipt of which please acknowledge.  Should the charge be less than
receipted account herewith.  Goods are delivered in exact accordance
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
recently been dug over, and the earth placed in great wooden boxes,
reception into the Union was a precedent which may have far-reaching
receptivity of my mind with regard to some strange matter.  Do I read
record it verbatim.
record of Jonathan's upset me so.  Poor dear!  How he must have
record of ours we have proof by inference.  Thus, whereas he can do as
recover his courage, and rushed at his natural enemies.  They fled
recovered consciousness again.  Somewhere near, a passing
recovery, and adduced his own existing sanity.
red frock!  Our old fox is wily.  Oh!  So wily, and we must follow
red mouth, the sharp white teeth glinted in the moonlight when he
red scar on her forehead.  Then, alas!  I knew.  Did I not,
red streak shot up, and a rosy light seemed to diffuse itself through
red tongues, with long, sinewy limbs and shaggy hair.  They were a
redder than before, and on the cheeks was a delicate bloom.
redistribution.
redoubled speed as the sun dropped lower and lower on the mountain
reference as the London Directory, the "Red" and "Blue" books,
reflection of the glass covered the whole room behind me.  In starting
refraction and reflection to make it appear as if the light moved.  I
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
regarding him is of interest in our little community.  Dr. Seward is
regarding poor Mrs. Harker's silences, then there is a terrible
regarding the place of burial were given.  I had hardly sealed the
regarding which she can remember nothing.  She says that as a child,
regulations.  As the matter is to be a 'nine days wonder', they are
reincarnate."
reins, started off at a great pace.  This time, after going to the far
rejoiced to see within a well-lit room in which a table was spread for
relating to railways and travel, my letter of credit, in fact all that
relations, he became still more demonstrative.  I glanced at Van
relatives at hand, and as Arthur had to be back the next day to attend
released from my promise to her.
reliable type of workman, and with a headpiece of his own.  He
relief and joy to my heart, for they were those of Quincey Morris.
relieved.  For my own part, I thought that if Mrs. Harker realized the
religion, save superstition, and they talk only their own varieties of
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
remained otherwise still.  "So when He came tonight I was ready for
remained, perhaps a minute, with his head buried, praying, whilst his
remains a greater task: to find out the author of all this our sorrow
remarkable piece of daring.  After reading his account of it I was
remember all that goes on or that one hears said during a day.
remember anything."  Then, seeing the look of amazement on our faces,
remember"--the Professor nodded--"you must forgive me."
remember, took some other precautions.  He made some requisitions on
remembered all about the incident of the boxes, and from a wonderful
remembered how quiet he had been just before he attacked me in my own
remembered no more for a while.
remembered what Dr. Van Helsing had told me, but I didn't like to
remind me of, 'know anything of a young ladies?  He has his madmen
remove them, and besides, I would have some of the servants to
removed from the place where he held his honourable watch and ward
removed the flowers and lifted the silk handkerchief from her throat.
removed, and if it be that several were taken in any of these removals
removed, no matter which, waking or dreaming, may prove the truth, he
renewed instinctively.  With a swift glance around the room, he at
repeated endlessly, and now looking back, it is like a sort of awful
repetition of my call.
replaced them as well as I could, and sat watching her.
replenished, flamed and flared.
replied, "I am not surprised.  Just now I doubted for a moment
replied, "Not much!  Flies are poor things, after all!"  After a pause
report."
report."  Van Helsing is terribly anxious, and told me just now that he
reputation in case the story should get wind.  When we got in, and had
request of which at the time he had thought much, such for instance,
request was that I would at once release him from the asylum and send
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
require some few weeks' rest in our sanatorium in the hills, but
required.
required.  And if it be wanted, then, perhaps, if I am ready, poor
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
reservations."
resignation.  Mina and I both felt so, and simultaneously we each took
resolute tone of quiet command.  The gypsies may not have known the
resolute, mobile mouth, a good-sized nose, rather straight, but with
resolutely set myself to sleep.  Sure enough sleep must soon have come
response in her trance.  The hypnotic stage was even longer in coming
response, he went on, "Is it possible that I have erred in my
rest at all.  Even Mina must have felt its exhaustion, for though I
rest in turn.  Oh, what will tomorrow bring to us?  We go to seek the
rest needful for the horses.  But we are both bearing it wonderfully.
rest whilst I drive.  I shall tell him that we have days before us,
rest.  Huge it was, and nobly proportioned.  On it was but one
restlessly, and I fancied that the narcotic was wearing off.  I did
restore Lucy to us as a holy, and not an unholy, memory.  He stepped
restored me.  My brain was all in a whirl, and only that there came
restrained eagerness.
restrict, and how the individual cannot.  In fine, let us consider the
result of the operation.  My own work, with its manifold arrears, took
reticence means that all his brains are working for her good.  He
retired early.  Mina is now sleeping like a little child.  It is
return, for I feared to see those weird sisters.  I came back to the
returned from his visit to the carriers' men, of whom Dr. Hennessey
returned.  He held up a little silver whistle as he remarked, "That
returns tomorrow night, that he only wants to make some arrangements
returns.
revenge is just begun!  I spread it over centuries, and time is on my
revolted at the contact, but I had to search, or I was lost.  The
reward me, for I shall be faithful.  I have worshipped you long and afar
ribbon which was round my neck, and sealed it over the knot with
rich, master of his business, Mr. Hawkins dead and buried, and
rideeculous!  I sent them aboot their business pretty quick, but as
right and left, and I could see that there were thousands of rats with
right through to the very depths of your soul.  Tell me, like one
right to begin."
right to lift the burden that is hard upon us.  Till then we bear our
right.  I weren't a-goin' to fight, so I waited for the food, and
rightly done, no one will interfere.  I have read of a gentleman who
rigidly observes.  The room was, therefore, dimly dark.  It was,
rise from Renfield's window, and flap westward.  I expected to see him
rising at first almost straight and then sloping back above two bumps
rising back to life as a diver coming up through a great press of
risk it.  At the worst it can only be death, and a man's death is not
risk.  But I believe it is right.  In the moment when Madam Mina said
river harbor.  There we saw the Captain, Donelson by name, who told us
rivers and streams which seemed from the wide stony margin on each
road lying white before us, but there was on it no sign of a vehicle.
road was cut through the pine woods that seemed in the darkness to be
road, having on it some great wooden boxes.  The men were wiping
roadway still led downwards.  We could trace it through the drifted
rocky, as though it were the end of the world.
roofs of houses and along the edges of cliffs and then get suddenly
room and found a sort of library.  The door opposite mine I tried, but
room it struck me that the clothes she wore might give me some clue to
room looking out both west and south.  On the latter side, as well as
room that it almost made me faint to hear.  It seemed like the
room to find a spider.  I tried to get him to talk about the past few
room to look for them.
room was light enough to see.  On the bed beside the window lay
room where Lucy lay.  The sight touched me.  Devotion is so rare, and
room without looking back, without a tear or a quiver or a pause,
room!  But there is no possible way.  The door is always locked, no
room, determined to rush out at the moment the door should be opened.
room, gently opened the door.
room, when once he is quiet, until the hour before sunrise.  The poor
room.  By-and-by he stopped and said, turning from one to another of
room.  Van Helsing motioned to me to come with him quietly.  We went
room."
rooms is there a mirror.  There is not even a toilet glass on my
rooms lay along to the south of the castle, the windows of the end
rope.  These were evidently empty by the ease with which the Slovaks
ropes drawn tight with strain that pull us different ways.  Then tears
rose above merely physical considerations.  After the involuntary
rose and more beautiful in a whole week, after she die, if you know of
rose, a heavy, overpowering smell into the night.
rosy.  Her mother rejoiced when she saw her, and we all spent a very
rough old hand and bless me?  Yes!  And did you not hear me swear
roughly cut, and the mortar has by process of time been washed away
round on us from every side.  I grew dreadfully afraid, and the horses
round the wharf.  However, the ship went out on the ebb tide, and was
rounds.  Found him up and humming a tune.  He was spreading out his
rowing, and tennis, and fishing together, and I love him more than
ruddy vampire sleep.
rug.  I could find no trace of them anywhere.  This looked like some
rule.
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
rush of gas from the week-old corpse.  We doctors, who have had to
rusty clang, shot back.  We pressed on the door, the rusty hinges
ruthless villainy.
sacred earth, so the holiest love was the recruiting sergeant for
sacrificed, his property being held in contravention of the statues
sad, though I laugh.  See, I have cried even when the laugh did choke
sad-looking and desolate to see so many empty chairs.  It made us
saddles has a moveable horn, and can be easily adapted for Mina, if
sadly pale and wan-looking.  If she were in any way anemic I could
sadness and infinite pity.
sadness, for I was thinking of Jonathan.  When coming home, it was then
safe, and all the papers or diaries and phonographs we might hereafter
safer, too."
safety-pin.  I looked at her throat just now as she lay asleep, and the
said "There are books and things there which I want.  You must remain
said Lord Godalming, each of them in turn kneeling to her to take the
said almost joyously, "Ah, you believe now?"
said lovingly, "Do not fret, dear.  You must be brave and strong, and
said nothing at the moment, but turned to me, saying, "Now take down
said solemnly, "God's will be done!"
said solemnly, "So much is already done.  It may be that with all the
said that he would hinder him if he were to swing for it.
said that there might be some law matter in which I could be useful.
said the enclosed had just been received.  It is only a line dated
said this without some cause, so I said, "All right, I'll go now," and
said to him, "Come, my child, take her hand in yours, and kiss her on
said to him, "Dr. Van Helsing, are you mad?"
said with intense gravity,
said,
said,
said,
said, "Come to me, Arthur.  Leave these others and come to me.  My
said, "Doctor, won't you be very good to me and let me have a little
said, "Dr. Van Helsing, will you read this, and tell me if it must go
said, "I must not deceive myself.  It was no dream, but all a grim
said, "Perhaps you will come to town if I send for you, and take Madam
said, "pearl among women!  She arrive, but I cannot stay.  She must go
said, "they come quickly.  They are flogging the horses, and galloping
said, gravely and sternly, "My Lord Godalming, I too, have a duty to
said, in a faint voice, but with untellable pathos, "My true friend,
said, rising up, "Oh, why did you tell us of this?  It is my favourite
said.
said.  "Still at your books?  Good!  But you must not work always.
sailors sleep on the deck, because that it is hot, flit down on them
sails had worked through the rudder of the wheel and had dragged him
sails idly flapping as she gently rolled on the undulating swell of
same day as that on which Quincey Morris died.  His mother holds, I
same thin white mist that I had before noticed.  But I forget now if
same things that we had when we entered the Count's house.  The
same time as yesterday, and asked me to bring Dr. Van Helsing.  I
same words in tones which wrung my heart.  Then she tore her hair and
same!"
same.  I felt a little strangely, and not a little frightened.  I
same.  It is possible that the vessel may be lying by, at times, for
same."
sands and rushed up the shelving cliffs.  Others broke over the
sane and earnest now, that I am no lunatic in a mad fit, but a sane
sane as he ever was.  He was already well ahead with his fly business,
sane at present to make it safe to probe him too deep with questions.
sane or mad, recorded here.'  He fell back exhausted, and I put the
sanity we have reason to doubt, since you are not yet released from
sank back, asleep.
sank on her knees on the floor in an agony of abasement.  Pulling her
sapphires.  I seemed somehow to know her face, and to know it in
sashes and opened the window.  I helped the Professor in, and followed
sat doggedly at the window.  Then I began to notice that there were
sat down beside me, he said in a very gentle way, "I want to say
sat down on a bench within good view, and began to smoke cigars so as
sat himself down again on his own side of the fireplace.  We were both
sat on the edge of his bed resignedly, and looked into space with
sat up, pointing at the wolf, and there was a strange and
satisfactory hint of such a building, and this I got at a coffee shop,
satisfied with her appearance. She is woefully different from what
satisfied with his present condition, and directed him to be relieved.
satisfied, in the first place because we have to be, no other means is
satisfied.  Then when the table was cleared, and he had lit his
saturnine.
save porterage.  That was all he knew.
saved him.  A second less and the trenchant blade had shorn through
saw a man, who seemed not quite sober, passing along a street in front
saw across him as he gathered himself up from hands and knees.  What I
saw appalled me.  I felt my hair rise like bristles on the back of my
saw before us the Pass opening out on the eastern side.  There were
saw her yesterday, I was horrified when I saw her today.
saw us, a horrible sort of snarl passed over his face, showing the
saw us, and we didn't care if they did, so on we walked.  I was
saw.  I sat down and talked with him on a lot of subjects, all of
say at the moment, you are passing out of his life.  My dear, I must
say that of course he must go when he think fit, but he will be
say, he never does so to strangers or before them, for he is really
say.  All is best as they are."
say.  Your argument is complete, and if I were free to speak I should
saying any more he took his seat, and the Professor began to resume
saying to Him, 'Come in, Lord and Master!'  The rats were all gone, but
saying,
saying, as they moved along the hall:
saying, before he closed the door.
says he is hardly equal to the task, and he wants an exact record
says that every day.
scar.  We are to meet here in my study in half an hour and decide on
scared every time we turned our electric lamp on them, and fell on
sceptical and selfish.  And you, sir . . . I have read all the letters
scheme, let alone the City itself and the very heart of fashionable
science in its most difficult and vital aspect, the knowledge of the
science or custom can bridge over.  I had better tell you exactly
science which would have been deemed unholy by the very man who
scientists of his day, and he has, I believe, an absolutely open
scorn.  "How will it pleasure their relatives to know that lies is
scrambled down the wall, as before, into the Count's room.  It was
scream seem only the quick expression of an endless grief.  Van
screaming from the place.
screeching sound, and the top of the box was thrown back.
sea . . .
sea fog melted in the blast.  And then, mirabile dictu, between the
sea-mists drifting inland.  The horizon is lost in a gray mist.  All
sea.  I must ask the old man about this.  He is coming this way . . .
seabird.  On the summit of the East Cliff the new searchlight was
sealing wax, and for my seal I used my wedding ring.  Then I kissed
search for what may be.  It is not well that her very thoughts go into
search of my portmanteau and in the wardrobe where I had placed my
search, if I can call it so, for it is not search but knowing, and we
searching until, presently, I find in a high great tomb as if
searchlight, after scouring the entrance of the harbour without
seat at her side.  From his putting his finger to his lips, I gathered
seat, and I cannot leave it, and now I find I must go on sitting over
seat, and as the sun dipped there was just sufficient change in the
seaward, and but few fishing boats were in sight.  The only sail
seconds of delay, might mean hours of danger to Lucy, if she had had
seconds pass with nightmare slowness.  The slow, careful steps came
secret or the extent of my knowledge. . . .
secretary.  Jonathan sat next to me.  Opposite us were Lord Godalming,
secrets amongst us.  Working together and with absolute trust, we can
see Lord Godalming.  His coming, however, had been a certain comfort
see a poor fellow, whom you know loves you honestly, going away and
see a warning of danger in it, for there was a sudden fierce, sidelong
see his face while he sleeps.  He is waking!
see it lying thick against the wall, as though it were stealing up to
see much, for shadow shut down on light almost immediately, but it
see my patient.
see nothing, therefore he speak so free.  Your man thought see
see outside the dim, shadowy forms for a moment before they entirely
see that the poor dear was torn about in his mind.  Of course he
see that with his left hand he was clutching at his side, and that the
see the Professor and the others after their investigations.
see the face, but I knew the man by the neck and the movement of his
see the green grass under the trees spangled with the fallen petals.
see the usual anemic signs, and by the chance, I was able to test
see this kirkgarth."
see, I can't get out o' the habit of caffin' about it all at once.
see, the whole carnal and unspirited appearance, seeming like a
see, when that red scar, the sign of God's knowledge of what has been,
see.  But the living ring of terror encompassed them on every side,
seeing anything, then turned the light on the derelict and kept it
seeing me, he sprang to his feet.
seeing that every compliance has been made with existing
seeing them now close to me, I could not but notice that they were
seeing, since the sunset.  Then, for a while, there came over her face
seek confirmation only.  But do you stay and take care of her today.
seek somewhere that we may eat, and then we shall go on our way."
seek there will be no time to lose.  We must sterilize all the
seem a boon unspeakable.  You must fight Death himself, though he come
seem to be with her now the unconscious struggle for life and strength
seem to have harmed her, on the contrary, it has benefited her, for she
seemed a decent fellow enough, contented himself by telling
seemed as if all nature were tuned to a different pitch.  There was
seemed as if there was some sulphurous fume, which at times made
seemed as though corruption had become itself corrupt.  Faugh!  It
seemed cold as ice, more like the hand of a dead than a living man.
seemed like the voice of my dead mother come back to comfort me.
seemed not to notice, but remarked that the smuts of London were not
seemed quite bewildered, and his brows were gathered in as he said, "I
seemed ruby-red underneath.  The mouth was redder than ever, for on
seemed so funny to hear you order me about, as if I were a bad child!"
seemed so ungracious to refuse an old lady meaning so well and in such
seemed that the time had been very short indeed, but there was Van
seemed the height of folly to open the tomb again, when we knew, from
seemed to act as a stimulant.  She rallied a little, and spoke to him
seemed to catch something in one of them, "The Westminster Gazette", I
seemed to cleave the gale and was then swept away in its rush.
seemed to come from all over the country, as far as the imagination
seemed to have clung to the place and intensified its loathsomeness.
seemed to me as though something dark stood behind the seat where the
seemed to me that all that he had of late been suffering in silence
seemed to me.  I have always thought that a wild animal never looks
seemed to ring in my ears, and the floating moats of dust to take new
seemed to ring through the little vault.
seemingly going westwards. The foolhardiness or ignorance of her
seemingly not much the worse for her terrible ordeal.
seems full of good men, even if there are monsters in it.
seems like a profanation of the word to write it in connection with
seems so mixed up with the Count in an indexy kind of way that I am
seems tireless.  All day he would not take any rest, though he made me
seems to yield at once, as if by habit, and scarcely any action is
seen a quicksand shake and shiver at the incoming of the tide.  We
seen him often before, but he was solid then, not a ghost, and his
seen him so eager.  I don't know but what, if you don't see him soon,
seen him.  Van Helsing asked if he had heard "voices" or "a voice,"
seen in the glare of the lightning, which came thick and fast,
seen outside the hotel at Bistritz--the sign of the cross and the
seen such nobility that I feel more than ever, and it has grown with
seen the horses, they are all dead.  Today I have much to do here,
seen those awful women growing into reality through the whirling mist
seized my neck and pressed my mouth to the wound, so that I must
self, although a dying one.  In the afternoon she asked for Arthur,
selfish child brain will whisper him to sleep.  He think, too, that as
selfish men caution is as secure an armour for their foes as for
selfishness, secrecy, and purpose.
semblance of man?  I feel the dread of this horrible place
semi-demons to batten on the helpless.
send cheque for difference on hearing from you.  You are to leave
send him every day a telegram saying if the ship had been reported.
send keepers with me with whips and chains, let them take me in a
send word home.  A band of Szgany have come to the castle, and are
sending also by one of them the way-bill and all the papers connected
sensations may die away, just when we want it most.  It seems to me
sense in me a keepin' you 'ere.  I may find Sam soon, or I mayn't, but
sense of safety in that ring wherein I stood.  I began too, to
sense of soothing, and a sort of calm stole over me.  I leaned back in
sense of thunder.  It seemed as though the mountain range had
sense, honey-sweet, and sent the same tingling through the nerves as
senses deceive me, the old centuries had, and have, powers of their
sent me on the letter, and wrote himself, oh so kindly.  I am to leave
sentiments which animate me.  Nay, more, you would count me amongst
separate occasions.  At the very beginning of the seventeenth century
separated two atmospheres, and that now we had got into the thunderous
series of great fires took place, which made terrible havoc on five
serious.  We got off once all right, but we have now a rare job on
seriously ill.  Lucy frets at the postponement of seeing him, but it
served his ain purpose wad be decently grateful to us for no hinderin'
service, since you can hypnotize me and so learn that which even I
service.  I can fight in other way.  And I can die, if need be, as
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
set himself down to prepare for the task.  He find in patience just
settle up all my affairs of earth, and be ready for whatever may come.
settling down to my work with the enthusiasm which I used to have for
shadow of a cloud obscured St. Mary's Church and all around it.  Then
shadow, and am full of all sorts of horrible imaginings.  God knows
shadow.  There was undoubtedly something, long and black, bending over
shadows.  I could not for my life get away from the feeling that there
shadowy glimpse of those women that would have kissed him.  And
shall I describe it?  It was not alone that it was composed of all the
shall all have work to do.  I come with you so far as Piccadilly and
shall be en regle too.  We shall not go so early that the policemen
shall be sleepless.
shall be until He may deign to let me stand forth in His sight as one
shall be.  But he say 'no,' that he come not yet, for that he have
shall come again in three days, and stay longer if it must.  Till
shall come in and tell you about it."
shall cross land or sea to do my bidding.  And to that end this!'
shall do it!  All I ask you now is that you come with me, that you
shall drive ourselves, for we have no one whom we can trust in the
shall enter here some of my notes, as they may refresh my memory when
shall finish my round of work and we shall meet tonight.
shall get the maps and look over them.
shall go, if I may, and cheer myself with a few happy words with that
shall have all tickets and so forth for our journey."
shall have presently."  And as he had now finished his operation, he
shall have ready.  The Professor says that if we can so treat the
shall hide this paper in my breast, where they shall find
shall in a few minutes join you."
shall keep them, if I may.  Even you may not see them yet, but I shall
shall leave for Varna.  We have now to deal with a new factor, Madam
shall make an excuse to try.
shall never again think that a man must be playful always, and never
shall not again.  It is a mercy that we have found out his strength and
shall not be here, but all shall be ready for your journey.  In the
shall not forget this night.
shall not mind any flapping outside the window.  Oh, the terrible
shall pass away, and leave your forehead as pure as the heart we know.
shall prevent interference, even if we have to use the arms which we
shall sleep as late as you will.  I have to be away till the
shall take her for a long walk by the cliffs to Robin Hood's Bay and
shall wire to my people to have horses and carriages where they will
shall wire you at once if there is anything of importance.
shame of my nation, the shame of Cassova, when the flags of the
shape without her soul.  I could see even Arthur's face grow hard as
shapes to the sound as they danced in the moonlight.  I felt myself
share my ignorance?  Here is the book.  Take it and keep it, read it
shared my fear.  The driver, however, was not in the least disturbed.
shared them in common.  We all hurried and took from our rooms the
sharp teeth, behind the full lips of the blood dripping mouth, clamped
sharp teeth.  'Oh no, they wouldn't like me,' 'e says.
sharp whisper.  "Draw up the blind.  I want light!"  Then he bent down,
sharp, canine teeth showed out strangely.  He answered:
sharper, but the time as yet was short, and there was time for fear.
sharply to the right.
she came back, I addressed the envelope and stamped it, and when
she could have been drained of so much blood with no sign any where to
she could speak was passing, but we felt that it was useless to say
she die, then both die.  Oh, how we are beset!  How are all the powers
she gets up and walks about the room, and sits at the open window.
she had been for many a long day, "shall try to be of use in all ways,
she hadn't gone there at night and asleep, that monster couldn't have
she is with that Vampire baptism.  "Well," said I to myself, "if
she is with that devil's illness, right into the jaws of his
she made a gallant effort to be bright and cheerful.  It wrung my
she must have suffered, but looked at him with eyes that were more
she said, turning from one to the other with a troubled look, "What
she should fetch the entrance of the harbour.
she sleep not, being as though I were not.  Still I try and
she slept, and both Van Helsing and I noticed the difference in her,
she succeed.  She sleep all the time, till at the last, I feel
she threw herself forward, and shouted in a voice laden with menace,
she turned imploring eyes on me.  I smiled and nodded, and laid my
she used to walk in her sleep, and that when in Whitby the habit
she was better dead.
she was thinking of that terrible night up there.  We never refer to
she was when I saw her last.  Of course you must bear in mind that I
she wasn't the same.  It was like tea after the teapot has been
she, too, know not what it mean, what it might mean.  Just as there
sheep in a butcher's.  You shall be sorry yet, each one of you!  You
sheep inland or the barking of a dog in the town was distinctly
sheets of note paper and three envelopes.  They were all of the
shelter in last night.
shelter, we could hear the rising wind, for it moaned and whistled
sheltered in the friendly soil."
sheltering light, to avoid the danger of dashing against the piers.
shifting from me in some strange way, and I feel freer than I have
shillin's, an' they seein' they got so much, they wanted more.  But 'e
shine of Madam Mina's forehead all white as ivory and with no stain!"
shine through it.  The sight of it gave us courage so that our voices
shining on their moving dark bodies and glittering, baleful eyes, made
ship whereon is the Count.'  So off we go to Doolittle's Wharf, and
ship, since Madam Mina tell of sails being set.  These not so
ship.  He give much talk to captain as to how and where his box is to
shipping, in case local help were needed in a place far from the home
shirtsleeves, who had followed her to the door.
shock and frighten her to death were I to expose my heart to her.
shock would be.  He actually smiled on her as he held open the door
shock, but you have cured me already."
shore end of gangplank, and ask that the captain come to him.  The
shore, on the east of the southern shore, and on the south.  The north
short time when as yet he was only as a body groping his so small
short work of him.  They gave as another reason for their defeat
short.  Before long they streamed away singly, licking their lips.
short.  When I entered his room he was sitting on a stool in the
shorthand all that has happened since I closed it last.  It is the
shorthand, which would puzzle the Count, if he did see it.  When I had
shortly drove off to Liverpool Street.  I took my way to Paddington,
shortly found, connected almost solely with the dusty nature of the
shortly to be his wife.  All blessings to you both!  He has had some
should be no secret, no concealment.  I have had a great shock, and
should be that it is I who am now his worst enemy, and whom he may
should be the popular role at these al fresco performances.  Our
should be to ascertain whether all the rest remain in the house beyond
should be.  There must be a transfusion of blood at once.  Is it you
should come upon me to go back to the bitter hours, asleep or awake,
should faint.  I was filled with anxiety about Lucy, not only for her
should feel easier.  But no one has heard a word of Jonathan since
should give her needless pain, but it made my blood run cold in my
should have been able to confer alone again.  We went at once into our
should have to give some account of our movements during the night.
should have to pay for it wi' some rare piece o' ill luck, so as to
should require it."
should respect her trust.
should run off.
should set.  Nothing seemed to stop or even to hinder them.  Neither
should torture me so?  What did that poor, sweet girl do that you
should want anything, I lay on the sofa, and forgot all about
should want to cast such dishonour on her grave?  Are you mad, that you
should you leave these rooms you will not by any chance go to sleep in
shoulder and, holding me tight, bared my throat with the other, saying
shoulder, "write to our friend and to any other, and say, if it will
shoulder, and heard the Count's voice saying to me, "Good morning."  I
shoulder.  I thought it was the best thing for him, so did not disturb
shoulders at every sound and every new shadow, just as I felt myself
shoulders shook with grief.  I took him by the hand and raised him up.
shove; and you too, my friends.  Now!"
show any excitement when we were in her presence.  In old days she
show for it.  I think I must have continued my wonder in my dreams,
showed the pale gums drawn back from the teeth, which looked
shrillness through the clear morning air.
shrinking consequent on the first nauseous whiff, we one and all set
shrugged my shoulders, however, and rested silent, for Van Helsing had
shudder when we entered.
shut, and knew that the Count had returned.  He did not come at once
shut.  She was fast asleep, and by her, seated on the window sill, was
shutters he thought he was late, and expressed his fear.  I assured
shutting down the lid began to screw it home, we aiding him as he
sickens me to think of it.  Every breath exhaled by that monster
side already.
side of the Pass, he suddenly turned down a narrow roadway which ran
side of the caleche, hoping by the noise to scare the wolves from the
side of them to be subject to great floods.  It takes a lot of water,
side there rises for about half a mile a great reef, the sharp of
side, and at once got outside on this side.  The stones are big and
side, and round the fireplace in the same way.  It all seemed
side, so as to give him a chance of reaching the trap.  How he came
side.  Your girls that you all love are mine already.  And through
sides of London.  He was now fixed on the far east on the northern
sight of any one approaching.  I pitied the others, especially Arthur.
sight, and efforts were made to signal her to reduce sail in the
sight.  I knew he had left the castle now, and thought to use the
sight.  We must push on harder than ever.  Our help may be wanted
sign of anyone, and as there were no corners, no doors, no aperture of
sign of habitation.  When we had gone about a mile, I was tired with
signalled to the attendants not to hold him, for I was anxious to see
significantly and coughed.  For answer he put his finger to his lips
signs of an internal struggle.  I put it down myself to her making a
silence after such confidence as ours, but I must be resolute, and
silence so profound that it startled me, and I got up and looked out
silence, and our efforts all in secret.  For in this enlightened age,
silence.
silent for a while, and as I looked towards the window I saw the first
silent mystery, was beautiful beyond words.  Between me and the
silent, and was, I could see, striving to grasp the purpose and the
silent.  You shall kiss her once before it is done, but then you must
silhouettes.  The experience was not lost on the painters, and
silver whistle from his pocket, he blew a low, shrill call.  It was
similarity to those which had been on Lucy's throat.  They were
simplify our labor, and the sooner the matter is attended to the
simply choking with emotion, and none of us could speak.  In the hours
simply gloating.  There was a deliberate voluptuousness which was both
simply tell him that he must wait, for we could see no one now.  She
since I said "Finis," and yet here I am starting fresh again, or
since Professor Van Helsing saw us.  He is gone to Whitby to get more
since by that way he come.  It was a dreary blank that was before us.
since he knew that he alone could ultimately triumph.
since it was arranged what part each of us was to do.  And now Lord
since last night.  You will give me your hand, will you not?  And let
since there are many labours to me, but you will sleep, I pray."
since we parted at the railway station at Whitby.
since your first letter to our friend Mr. Peter Hawkins, or to any
singing, just as though we had not been present.  He had got a scrap
sink, we saw now and again the white gleam of falling water.  One of
sinking fast.  He might die at any moment.  I looked up at the
sinking lower, the silence of the room grew more and more solemn to
sir, has one striking feature.  Its wings are typical of the aerial
sir.  I did not mean to speak offensively.  It is only because my loss
sit here and talk.
sit over our roofs with brooding wings.  Lucy lies in the tomb of her
sit up with me now.  I was surprised that the maids did not come
sits on high to watch over His children.  Therefore be of much comfort
sitting down to his tea when I found him.  Thomas and his wife are
sitting in judgement on my case.  By the way, you have not introduced
sitting posture, and clutched wildly at anything that would
sitting up in bed, with a startled look on her face.  I could see
situation, but without the horrors which I may only surmise.  It would
skywards with each wave mighty masses of white foam, which the
slacken a whit in our resolution.  We closed the outer door and barred
slate clean and give us a fresh start.  We had a capital 'severe tea'
slaughtered, since he knew that he alone could ultimately triumph!
sledge and go on, Russian fashion.
sleep again, although the boughs or bats or something flapped almost
sleep all the night.  Later on we can sleep, you and I.  I shall be
sleep at night."  As we travel on the rough road, for a road of
sleep be over.  Then the beautiful eyes of the fair woman open
sleep begins to flirt with me, a new fear comes: that I may have been
sleep coming already.  Goodnight, everybody.
sleep for a long spell.  At sunset time he hypnotized me, and he says
sleep has not refreshed me, for today I feel terribly weak and
sleep naturally.  If I do not, I shall tomorrow night get them to give
sleep now or ever overcome you, or be like to do, then haste to your
sleep on, and I may not wake her though I try.  I do not wish to
sleep she seems to be watching me.  She tries the door, and finding it
sleep was better for her than anything else.  Poor girl, she has so
sleep when those she loves are in danger!  I shall lie down, and
sleep without doubt.  Strange and terrible as it is, it is
sleep yesterday had fortified me, but I could not help experiencing
sleep!"  And almost at the word she gave a deep sigh of relief, and
sleep, and she look in her sleep more healthy and more redder
sleep, from which I could not wake her.  I tried to hypnotize
sleep, which still keeps aloof.  I hope I have not done wrong, for as
sleep-walking adventure.
sleep-walking, and not about Jonathan.  Then I shall never know the
sleep.
sleep.
sleep.  As before, came the answer, "darkness and the swirling of
sleep.  The storm was fearful, and as it boomed loudly among the
sleeping draught, which he gave to me, telling me that it would do me
sleeping now, calmly and sweetly like a little child.  Her lips are
sleeping servants, whom some one has drugged.  Alone with the
sleeping soundly.  The reflex of the dawn is high and far over the
sleeping, he said, "So, my friend, you are tired?  Get to bed.  There
sleeping.  I am on watch.  The morning is bitterly cold, the furnace
sleeplessness, or the pain of the fear of sleep, and with such unknown
sleeps well, and enjoys the fresh air, but all the time the roses in
sleeps, and the one old man watch.
sleepy to be keenly observant, and not sleepy enough to betray my
sleepy.  The cold is perhaps beginning to tell upon me, and nature
slept at all.
slept on after we had been called.  We had a happy surprise at
slept soundly, for I was not waked by Jonathan coming to bed, but the
slept till just before the dawn, and when I woke threw myself on my
slept till the sun was high, I was awake before her, and had to call
slept.
slewed round a little, so as to see Lucy well without seeming to stare
slight relapse of his malady, and now a telegram from Van Helsing,
slightly in front as he led the way.  When we had come close to the
slightly, and had torn away the garlic flowers from her throat.  I
slivovitz (the plum brandy of the country) underneath the seat, if you
sloping land full of forests and woods, with here and there steep
slumber.  The Professor watched whilst I went downstairs with Quincey
small map of the house, copied from the file of my original
small prey ere the whole mass had vanished.
small print of the lies from here.  This Braithwaite Lowery, I knew
smaller matters when the mother spirit is invoked.  I felt this big
smaller, and the edges looked fresher, that was all.  We asked Vincent
smelled ole Jerusalem in it.  But the old chapel, that took the cike,
smelling them.  Now she threw them down saying, with half laughter,
smile of the rest--"And you may have enough of such matters before you
smile on the bloated face which seemed to drive me mad.  This was the
smile, friend John?"
smile, which showed more than he had yet done his protruberant teeth,
smiled, actually smiled, the dark, bitter smile of one who is without
smiling benignly.  At the moment he seemed as sane as any one I ever
smoke after dinner, and saw one of them come up to the
smoothing matters, so at Fundu, where the Bistritza runs into the
snow and his wolves.  But were he wrecked, the living water would
snow began to fall, so that soon we and all around us were covered
snow, which when it falls will settle for all winter as the
snow.
snow.  I saw the Count lying within the box upon the earth, some of
so I asked him if he would mind telling me something about the whale
so I called an attendant and gave him the necessary instructions.
so I shall get our party together and read it.  They can judge it.  It
so a little before that time we visited the death chamber.  It was so
so admirable a practitioner as Dr. Seward so simple, yet so momentous
so after dinner, followed by a little music to save appearances even
so beautiful dying eyes, her voice, too, so weak, and she kiss my
so did the two doctors.  Jonathan knelt behind him and the wounded man
so doing I was lowering myself in the eyes of the lunatic.  "And why
so far as he can, even his victim, me!
so far as we could see through the snowfall, there was not even the
so far from us and so low on the horizon, now seem to gather round us
so full of fear, it is now a sort of sanctuary, for nothing can be
so full that even those words seemed to choke me.
so he at once began.
so high this morning that it struck the top of the great gateway
so in words.  But, oh, Mina, I love him.  I love him!  There,
so many more were due.  Its emptiness spoke eloquent to
so might in ignorance make some unnecessary trouble.
so much beloved.  That is much, my dear, even were there that which
so pious that she'd be sure to go to heaven, an' he didn't want to
so quick since I was on the Pampas and had a mare that I was fond of
so sacred of holy memories, that he has brought from a far distant
so sad a concrete truth, and of such a one as Miss Lucy.  Tonight I go
so soon as I should have found out anything.  I drove to Walworth and
so strange that you might have well doubt.  Believe me yet a little,
so strong, never so full of volcanic energy, as at present.  It is
so strong, so self reliant, so resolute.  A brave man's hand can speak
so that I might write in case I should get an opportunity, but again a
so that by our talking I may learn the English intonation.  And I
so that no one may by any chance get into trouble through
so that others who need shall not be wanting for help.
so that the dear old man's death is a real blow to me. Jonathan
so that we throw great long shadow on where the mountain rise so
so that we were alone with her.
so the circle goes on ever widening, like as the ripples from a stone
so unhappy experience.  The vampire live on, and cannot die by mere
so various that until the moment we may not say.  We shall all be
so we sat down.  But there were very few people there, and it was
so we work to a good end.  Will you not have faith in me?"
so well as when some obstacle of pronounced durability is between
so with thanks we came away.
so!  But alas!  No.  It is worse, far, far worse."
so, and then it would be an outward and visible sign for us all our
so, what does it mean that he could control the wolves, as he did, by
so.  Hush!  Let me speak, and you shall learn.  Oh, John, my friend,
so.  I hope I did right.  I have locked the door, and the key is tied
so.  It is only the beginning!"
so."
so?  His very tone betray him, or my ears deceive.  Why take that
so?"
soberly into old married women, can despise vanity.  Well, I must
sofa, reading, of all things in the world, an English Bradshaw's
soft moonlight soothed, and the wide expanse without gave a sense of
softened the wealth of dust which lay over all and disguised in some
softly that I had to put my ear down to hear it.  She looks paler than
softly, "Arthur!  Oh, my love, I am so glad you have come!"
sold, sir," was again his laconic reply.
solemnity, its gloom, its sadness, its horror, and withal, its
solemnly pointed to the scar.  I saw that she was in earnest, and said
solemnly, "I promise!" and as I said it I felt that from that instant
solemnly, "if ever Abraham Van Helsing can do anything for you or
solicitors had a system of agency one for the other, so that local
solicitude, and when he had finished with his penitent
some bloomin' wall or other.  It's a shyme that people are
some cause or another, I had certainly been much upset.  I must watch
some chambers for him when he was the honourable Arthur Holmwood.  If
some clue to his trouble, but I suppose he must have seen my wish in
some days from the knowing of others, but I have seen your true self
some effort was needed, and he had to make many passes.  But now, she
some hint as to what passed in his mind, between the time of my
some injury to the brain.  I must not ask him, for fear I shall do
some kind of a "new-fangled ware'us," and with this slender clue I had
some letter or message, since Skinsky came to Hildesheim.
some long nightmare, and had just awakened to see the beautiful
some men so loved her, that they did dare much for her sake."
some of it afterwards.  Here was a rare interview.  I shall try to
some of nature's laws, why we know not.  He may not enter anywhere at
some of our provisions too, for we were in a perfect desolation, and
some of that personal dominance which made him so long a master
some of the books, "have been good friends to me, and for some years
some of the sacred emblem which he had placed there.  We all looked on
some of us and a rope.  For myself, I should take the chance only too
some of us since then is, we think, well worth the pain we endured.
some one to protect her.  Poor dear, sweet lady!  She confided to me
some peculiar effect on them.  The horses jumped about and reared, and
some plan of attack, so that we may throw away no chance.  Hush, there
some plumbing solder, and then small oil lamp, which gave out, when
some quaint little specks floating in the rays of the moonlight.  They
some rational explanation of all these mysterious things.  Is it
some thread of continuity.  That fearful Count was coming to London.
some time to come.  But I am happy to say I can send a sufficient
some trick behind his smoothness.  He said, "And your baggage?"
some trick of the moonlight, some weird effect of shadow, but I kept
somehow it does not satisfy me.  It does not read like him, and yet it
somehow met with some accident.  He had heard him yell, and when he
somethin' that they don't other incline to.  It makes me ireful to
something about them that made me uneasy, some longing and at the same
something coming out of the Count's window.  I drew back and watched
something dark at its breast.  The figure stopped, and at the moment a
something fluttering from them like the dresses in a ballet, but of
something from his pocket which crackle as he roll it up, and put it
something from the pocket.  I asked Sister Agatha, and she brought
something more than 70 miles before us.  The country is lovely, and
something more.  He has told me all about you, and that you are
something of angels' eyes.  Your husband is noble nature, and you are
something of the kind of enemy with which we have to deal.  I shall
something of the property which was, he understood, lately for sale."
something of what strange things there may be."
something or some opportunity to aid me, they lit on a great batch of
something recalls it to her mind, that she thinks of her terrible
something so pantherlike in the movement, something so unhuman, that
something that looked like a good-sized bird.  I was afraid she might
something that you and I must talk of alone, just at the first at any
something to you, miss."
something very exciting was either happening or expected, but though I
something, though I wouldn't say it was again the big box.  Well, on
something.  I find myself bolt up, with the reins in my hand, and
sometimes singly.  They run right up the Esk and die away in the curve
somewhat from the terrible power which he acquired over me on that
somewhat relieved by a look of perplexity.  He was evidently torturing
somewhat with her gaiety.  As a result even I myself felt as if the
somewhat, for, though sympathy can't alter facts, it can make them more
somewhere far off an early cock crew.  A little ways off, beyond a
somewhere round the Park a'hidin' an' a'shiverin' of, and if he
somewhere under this.  And then there was silence over everything,
son.  Old Bilder examined him all over with most tender
soon after as Jonathan awakes."
soon as she arrives.  Van Helsing says that our chance will be to get
soon became apparent to all that the Czarina Catherine would not sail
soon the fog begin to melt away, and all was clear again.  My friends
soon the top of one of the cases was thrown open.  The earth smelled
soon!"  I do not think he remembered me at the moment.  Just then the
soon.
sorrow from the head of her whom, each in his own way, we loved.  And
sorrow, for the dear, good man who has befriended him all his
sorrow.  There was no woman whose sympathy could be given to him, or
sorrowful, and so sympathetic that I could not but be touched.
sorrowing man's head resting on me, as though it were that of a baby
sort of demoniac fury, and he suddenly made a grab at my throat.  I
sort of fever of doubt.  You must be kind to me, and not think me
sort of thing, but it isn't at all a happy thing when you have to
sort to the official, we being in extreme hurry.  Jonathan and the two
sorts of little things, and remembered them, but he almost managed
soul already so tortured.  I knew that it would be some sort of
soul did I see.  I rejoiced that it was so, for I wanted no witness of
soul took the slightest notice of the whole transaction.
soul wail of my dear Madam Mina had not died out of my ears.
soul who was so good to us.  Jonathan still pale and dizzy under a
soul's body will enjoy the relief even if his mind cannot appreciate
soul, that he was only the assistant of Smollet, who of the two mates
souls in this wise, and the Devil, though he may purchase, does not
sound from Renfield's room.  The poor wretch was doubtless torturing
sound of the window being wrenched out.  He ran back and saw his feet
soundly then.
south from Carfax.  That means he went to cross the river, and he
sovereign in hand, they made light of the attack, and swore that
spare."
sparrows, and his flies and spiders are almost obliterated.  When I
speak of anything that has happened.  I rest on the sofa, so as not to
speak of such things, or am I mad to listen to them?  Don't dare think
speak she must not more be of our council, but be simply guarded by
speak, and even if we sleep."
speak, and finally said, "May I ask you something now?"
speak, even when she wrote that which she wished to be known later.
speak, so for a while we were all silent.  Then Van Helsing beckoned
speak, sterilize the earth, so that no more he can seek safety in it.
speak."
speak."
speaking from the depths of my heart, of my very soul.  You don't know
speaking of his part in the operation where his blood had been
speaking to you as I am now if I did not believe you clean grit,
speaking.  I am sorry that I had to be away so long today, but you
speaks on a hint, but this time the Professor had to ask her
special disease, but she looks awful, and is getting worse every
special messenger.
specialist, was coming to stay with me, and that I would put her in
species.  Some sailor may have brought one home, and it managed to
speck of dust that whirls in the wind a devouring monster in embryo?
spiders and flies not five minutes before.  Looking at my watch, I saw
spiders?"  (Spiders at present are his hobby and the notebook is filling
spilt cries not out afterwards,' as you say.  We shall not think of
spiritless.  I spent all yesterday trying to read, or lying down
spirits, but when I saw his face, it sobered me.  Never, even in the
spiritually!"
spitting on it for luck, lazily went each to his horse's head.
spoke he put over his hand, and in a way that made me shudder, pulled
spoke to it gently, and then harshly, and then angrily.  But it would
spoke to them soothingly, and they quieted down, but shivered and
spoke to us, that was all.
spoke without turning round, the man seems to have eyes in the back of
spoke.
spoke.  Oh, that I could give any idea of the scene.  Of that sweet,
spoken to each other yet of the future.  It is better to wait till we
spot for trephining, so that we may most quickly and perfectly remove
sprang at us.  But by this time the Professor had gained his feet, and
sprang beside Jonathan, who had by now jumped from the cart, I could
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
sprout at all, there's some promise, and I wait till the ear begins to
squire', to show some sort of appreciation of their efforts in a
stagnant and foul.  There was an earthy smell, as of some dry miasma,
stained the purity of her lawn death-robe.
stairs I found it closed.  It had been so forcibly driven against the
staring at her fixedly.
start for Bukovina; a place on it is kept for you.  At the Borgo
start, but he is powerless to hasten, as he may not leave this box
started awake all in a second.  That is one of the things that we
started frae London.  I had seen them speer at the fellow, and put out
started from the inn.  It was then very dark, and the scattered lamps
started, broad awake and in full possession of my senses, and ran
started, for it amazed me that I had not seen him, since the
starting on his return to Amsterdam.  He would not give me any
starting that I had no time to ask anyone else, for it was all very
startling combination.  When we closed in on him he fought like a
startling prominence a dark-haired woman, dressed in the cerements of
startlingly real, so real that now sitting here in the broad, full
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
state of terror that I tried, though without effect, to comfort it.
state of things it would be madness to quarrel openly with the Count
state, I discovered that I was half famished with hunger.  So making a
statement of how he used to consume life, his mouth was actually
statesman, and alchemist--which latter was the highest development of
stating a fact, "Because if I find in myself, and I shall watch keenly
station master there that he rushed into the station shouting for a
station, and Van Helsing and I came on here.  The moment we were alone
station, we might not have secured the necessary calm and isolation.
station.
status with the IRS.
stay here.  Hold a moment!  I may take it, sir, that you are anxious
stay if need be.  All affairs are settled with me, and I have much to
stay with me.  Stay with these friends who will watch over you!"  Her
steal away under the door."
steamboat up the river, and whilst John and Quincey guard the bank
steamers, which usually hug the shore so closely, kept well to
steep.  For we are going up, and up, and all is oh so wild and
stems standing out against the old yellow stone of the cathedral,
stenography, I must, in my cumbrous old fashion, that so
step was to be, but we could arrive at no result.  All we knew was
step, close to the door, we saw Lord Godalming and Quincey Morris.
step, the very first thing we decided was that Mina should be in full
stepped forward.  He evidently did not know that there was a leaden
steps to prove that it was genuine, for again I saw him leave the
steps to the abbey.  I must have gone fast, and yet it seemed to me as
steps, till the lot of them went away cussin'."
stern with the man's moods.  He said to me,
sternly, on purpose to disconcert him.
stertorous breath, and he would relapse into a more fixed
stethoscope, and her lungs had a perceptible movement.  Van Helsing's
sticking plaster.  When the Count saw my face, his eyes blazed with a
stiff a cord gave way, and she cut her hand slightly with broken
still asleep, pointing to the window.  I got up quietly, and pulling
still asleep.  I looked into her room and saw her, but did not go in,
still complete.  But it was evidently many a day since the case had
still more drawn.  The flowers which had been round her neck we found
still sleeping, and the Professor seemingly had not moved from his
still trembled.  The driver again took his seat, and shaking his
still, and I looked around the room to see that all was as it should
stir," he said.  "But I fear that with growing strength she may wake,
stock at all in such matters.  'Rats and mice and such small deer,' as
stolen from a friend of his, and got a half consent that he might open
stone immensely thick, with only a few windows high up and heavily
stone of its broken battlements was articulated against the light of
stone slab and said,
stood Lord Godalming lighting a cigar.
stood hand in hand, and we felt that our best and dearest friend was
stood in the gap.  Suddenly it struck me that this might be the moment
stood on it, when the time came and saw everything.
stood round the wide archway, with its background of rich foliage of
stood was tall and deep, stone-mullioned, and though weatherworn, was
stop here at present, I feel so miserable, though I am so happy.
stopped suddenly, and a quick blush overspread her face.
stopped with a flying blush, and changed her phrase, "to him who had
storage" building, and as this suited the condition of a "new-fangled
storey lower down.  From the windows I could see that the suite of
storm last night is almost more startling than the thing itself.  It
storm.  I must try to watch it and learn the weather signs.
story," if one could only get them in proper order.  Here they are:
straight for his last resource, his last earth-work I might say did I
straight line, so I ran as quickly as I could.  As I got through the
strained.
strait waistcoat, manacled and leg-ironed, even to gaol, but let me go
strange and terrible days before us.  Let us not be two, but one, that
strange properties, and gases that kill or make to vivify.  Doubtless,
strange symbols as he opened the envelope, and the dark look came into
strange thing happened.  He suddenly redoubled his efforts, and then
strange to us, we found the Westenra tomb.  The Professor took the
strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and
strangely enough, I did not want to hinder him.  I suppose it is a
stranger.  I assure you, my dear sirs, I am rejoiced at the result,
streak, moving between two dark yew trees at the side of the
stream.
strength became like water.  He slipped through it, and when I tried
strength being the best safety, through care of me, but their minds
strength to Miss Lucy it also is all to him.  Besides, he can
strength, morbidly excitable, periods of gloom, ending in some fixed
strength.  His hand actually seemed like a steel vice that could have
strengthened to work and endure for her, and we began to discuss what
strengthening my vital powers by the assimilation with my own body of
strenuously objected, and so far as my going was concerned, for I said
stress of years, and by thus using every projection and inequality
stretched across to Mr. Morris.  So as we all took hands our solemn
strict observation all the same.  All at once that shifty look came
strip off his coat.  Then he added, "You may take that one little kiss
stroll myself.
strong and rough, and he carries rude arms."  All the men smiled, for
strong man as he was.  It gave me an idea of what a terrible strain
strong must have worked together in some wonderous way.  The very
strong to use his little wings.  Nay, like the 'Ugly Duck' of my
strong together.  Take heart afresh, dear husband of Madam Mina.  This
strong, and simple, and seem full of nice qualities.  They are very,
strong, and the cheeks firm though thin.  The general effect was one
strong, youthful face, full of energy, and with dark brown hair.
strong-faced old man.  I smiled, and said, "I was ill, I have had a
strong.  I stay here tonight, and I shall sit up with little miss
stronger.  Her colour is coming back.  She sleeps a great deal.
strongly built, with his shoulders set back over a broad, deep chest
struck a match, and by its flame looked at my watch.  It was within a
struck the far wall of the room.  I am afraid I am at heart a coward,
struck with lightning, and her head hit my forehead and
structure, built of heavy stones, and has not been repaired for a
struggle that I have had against sleep so often of late, the pain of
struggling to awake to some call of my instincts.  Nay, my very soul
studded with large iron nails, and set in a projecting doorway of
studies, and I have been practicing shorthand very assiduously.
study our dangers, have to become accustomed to such things, and I
study, and I took care to stand where I could seize him at once if he
study.  At the door I paused a moment, for I thought I heard him
stuff fitting almost too tight for modesty.  When I came close she
stupid old lips of mine and this stupid old head do not deserve so,
stupidly and pointed, but just then the "hetman" of the Szgany came
stupor.  Kneeling on the near edge of the bed facing outwards was the
subject by asking him any questions, so I remained silent.  I drew
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
subject, and Lucy was like her old self again.  When we got home the
subject, and has not spoken of the Count or his doings ever since we
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
substitute, one in whom I have every possible confidence.  He is a
subtle arrangements were for nought.  At any rate, we have proved one
subtle brain, more braver heart, than any man.  In him some vital
succeeded.  We have had every deference shown to us, and not once any
successful.  You have saved her life this time, and you can go home
such a measure of respect as I could assume.  He made no reply
such a monster, so I asked him point-blank, "Why may I not go
such a pain, and so desperate an effort!"  She looked at him meaningly
such an errand and with myself for coming.  I was too cold and too
such an infinite geniality that I could see poor Lucy's
such an odour as we encountered.  None of the others had met the Count
such an overwhelming idea as he suggested.  So, with an attempt to
such as Lucy told me of in her momentary mental wandering when, on the
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
such as we are."
such curious turns in it that I sometimes imagine he is only
such fear as already we knew.  Had not our minds been made up, and had
suck my blood.
sucked her blood.  As yet there was no sign of the teeth growing
sudden emotion.  This seemed to pique general curiosity, and quite a
sudden storm.  The approach of sunset was so very beautiful, so
suddenly but quietly, "But dear Madam Mina, are you not afraid.  Not
suddenly called to Ring to see his father, who has been taken
suddenly grew pale and sat down in a chair almost fainting.  "You are
suddenly stopped at the word 'drink'.  What does it mean?"
suddenly.  Some may not think it so sad for us, but we had
suffered, whether it be true or only imagination.  I wonder if there
sufficient to work by.  When he again lifted the lid off Lucy's coffin
sugar, which he had saved, in the window, and was manifestly beginning
suggestion that I was willing to pay his days wages to his foreman for
suitable for the Slovaks to have ascended is either the
sullen discontent.  I spoke to him as cheerfully as I could, and with
summon his wolf and I know not what.  So if it be that he came
summoned me, so I need not forego my sleep.  Tonight I could not well
sun at periods which affects certain natures, as at times the moon
sun bright, and there was a cool breeze.  We took our lunch to Mulgrave
sun was reddening even Mrs. Harker's pale face.  She opened her eyes,
sun was shining.  Great big fat ones with steel and sapphire on their
sun.  He learn then that we are here, for she have more to tell in her
sunlight of the morning, I cannot in the least believe that it was all
sunlight was shining on the windows of St. Mary's Church behind our
sunrise and sunset.  For then he can make no struggle, and we may deal
sunset till after sunrise, and if there be aught that may be
sunset, and seemed to glow out with a delicate cool pink.  Here and
sunset.  We may be too late.  God's will be done!"  Down came another
sunshine and feel the fresh air of the morning around me.  I have a
sunshine that he carry with him to my cheek.  Oh, friend John, it is a
super sensitive skin of my throat, and the hard dents of two sharp
superstition must we trust at the first.  It was man's faith in the
supper, and on whose mighty hearth a great fire of logs, freshly
supper, and took a seat by the bedside.
support him he would have sunk down.  He kept staring.  A man came out
suppose I must only shift my ground of request.  Let me ask for this
suppose he might have broken his neck by falling out of bed, if he got
suppose it is that sickness and weakness are selfish things and turn
suppose it must have distressed him even more than it did me.  They
suppose now you do not believe in corporeal transference.  No?  Nor in
suppose one ought to pity anything so hunted as the Count.  That is
suppose these fellows carry guns, would undo all our plans.  There
suppose you will not let it away for some days?"
supposition?"
sure of this, and then he went on.
surely be stronger than if some of us were in the dark."
surely come, but not through me.  She knew not altogether what she
surely.  That big child-brain of his is working.  Well for us, it is
surgical case.  He had evidently been thinking and had his mind made
surprise if he go quite so soon.  The captain swear again, polyglot,
surprise ran from one to the other of us.  We gazed so eagerly that
surprise to me, and gave me a considerable shock, but Van Helsing was
surprise, again a shock!
surprise, and from his lips came a sigh of relief.  He moved
surprise.  I suppose that nature works on such a hopeful basis that we
surroundings of neglect and dust and decay there was any ground for
survive is my sole heir.  If it should not be so, then the others who
suspense over us all, as though overhead some dread bell would peal
suspense said,
suspicion.  He grew very grave, and after thinking the matter over for
suspicions.  We are travelling fast, and as we have no driver with us
sweated as though after a runaway from sudden fright.  Then, far off
sweet and kind, and he had promised to help, and I trusted him, so I
sweet and very bitter all around me at once.  And then I seemed sinking
sweet life, is true dead you must not die.  For if he is still with
sweet soul Madam Mina.  Friend John, it does rejoice me unspeakable
sweet tingling tones that Jonathan said were of the intolerable
sweet waters.  So do not mourn over-much.  Till then I shall not ask
sweet, good, good woman in all the radiant beauty of her youth and
sweet, simple, noble, strong nature such as his, a nature which
sweet, young dear, she interest me too.  She charm me, and for her,
sweetness and gentleness.  He is truly getting on well, and I have
sweetness of the water glasses, "Come, sister.  Come to us.
sweetness.  Even a sceptic, who can see nothing but a travesty of
swell."  He broke off, for he evidently saw that I understood.  Then he
swelled to a considerable size, all made the sign of the cross and
swept the strange schooner before the blast, with all sail set, and
swirled about fiercely, for a high wind was beginning to blow.
swirling by, level with my ears, and the creaking of wood on wood.
sworn, be able to find these places again?"
sympathy has been to me today.  I shall know better in time, and
systematically and with precision.  He seemed to have been prepared
table between us.  He was too quick and too strong for me, however,
table out of sight.  Then he mixed a narcotic, and coming over to the
table, and I had to get the little shaving glass from my bag before I
table, held out his hand on either side.  I took his right hand, and
table, to which Dr. Seward motioned him as he came into the room.  He
table.  Then he took up my two and placed them with his own, and put
take bath, and dress, and have breakfast which we all need, and which
take heavy rugs and wraps with us.  We dared not face the possibility
take his seriousness lightly, for, after all, four days of rest and
take it standing up.  If that other fellow doesn't know his
take me to the Count.  Each moment I expected to see the glare of
take out her heart.  Ah!  You a surgeon, and so shocked!  You, whom I
take their tombstones with them on the Day of Judgment.  Do you think
taken Quincey Morris with him.  What a fine fellow is Quincey!  I
taking accurate notes of the various addresses of the houses in the
taking one change of dress.  Lucy will bring my trunk to London and
talk of that part of it in the morning.  I want to consult with Mina."
talk together freely and build our castles in the air.  I have been
talk, if only for talking's sake, I asked him many questions regarding
talked it over.  Mina is dressing, and I shall call at the hotel in a
talking about myself.'  I reminded her that a doctor's confidence
talking elemental philosophy, and with the manner of a polished
talking with some one.  As, however, he had pressed me to be quick, I
tall, thin chap, with a 'ook nose and a pointed beard, with a few
tally agreeing exactly.  The carriers' men were able to supplement the
task to do, and at the beginning it is to know.  You can help me
taught to regard such things as in some measure idolatrous, and yet it
tea afore I begins to arsk them questions."
tea an' lookin' out to buy cheap jet would creed aught.  I wonder
tea-cake in me, an' rinsed me out with her bloomin' old teapot, and I've
teachings and the records of the past give proof enough for sane
tear my throat out with his teeth.  Besides, he called the Count 'lord
tear up the letter, and I don't want to stop, for I do so want to
tears rose in his eyes, and there was a momentary choking in his
tears that burn as they fall, all dance together to the music that he
tears, went straight to my heart.  So I said as gently as I could, "I
tears.  Quick, you must make it to me at once."
teeth looked longer and sharper than the rest.
teeth seemed to champ, and the face to quiver.  Finally it lay still.
teeth, just touching and pausing there.  I closed my eyes in
teeth, the blood stained, voluptuous mouth, which made one shudder to
telegram had arrived for him, whilst the rest of us came on to this
telegram.  I wrote him a letter simply telling him that you were
telegrams, one each day since we started, and all to the same effect.
telegraph office.
tell all their lives, and by day and by hour and by minute, such
tell frankly your real reason for wishing to be free tonight?  I will
tell her that all is finished, and the earth free from a monster of
tell him all about the clients.
tell him where horse and cart can be hired.  He go there and soon he
tell me all."
tell me what to do."
tell me without betraying confidence, Arthur was the first, is not
tell what the Count see and hear, is it not more true that he who have
tell you about the three, but you must keep it a secret, dear, from
tell you all. Let me hear from you at once, and tell me all that you
tell you it is not a bad study, and gives you more trouble
tell you this.  It is out of the lore and experience of the ancients
tell.  By all you hold sacred, by all you hold dear, by your love that
tell.  Madam Mina is with you?  Yes.  And her so fine husband?  And
telling him to receive, if possible before sunrise so as to avoid
telling tales.
tempest seemed to snatch at and whirl away into space.  Here and
tenderly and lovingly stroked the ruffled hair.  Just as I had
tenderness, "Friend John, I pity your poor bleeding heart, and I love
tenses of the verb, I send you simply his 'love' instead.
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
terrestrial, somewhat in the position which Enoch occupied
terrible affair.  It is not good that she run a risk so great.  We men
terrible experience in Transylvania.  I think the feeling was common
terrible experience of the night.  She was very, very pale, almost
terrible feeling, Van Helsing held up a warning finger.  "Do not
terrible knife aloft again for another stroke.  Instinctively I moved
terrible land alone.  I suppose it is thus that in old times one
terrible memories.  It was almost impossible to believe that the
terrible purpose in which we were involved gave us a strength which
terrible things there are in the world, and what an awful
terrible things, and oh, I am rejoiced that he is not now weighed down
terrible things.  Though we shall much miss her help, it is better
terrible work.  Madam Mina still sleeps, and God be thanked!  She
terribly.  After a while there was the howl again out in
terrific precipice.  A stone falling from the window would fall a
terrified.  I do believe that if he had not had me to lean on and to
terror upon us?" and he sank down on the sofa in a collapse of misery.
terror.
terror.  Then she put before her face her poor crushed hands, which
tethers till I came to them and quieted them.  When they
than I could help, that it often happened that after death faces
than any hitherto, a mass of dank mist, which seemed to close on all
than any of us from . . . from circumstances . . . things that have
than before, and when it came the time remaining until full sunrise
than before.  And I like it not.  And I am afraid, afraid,
than ever, and this new trouble makes every hour of the direst
than him?  By my clock it is one hour and already, if all be well,
than human considerations he could never have gone through with it.
than interesting study.  This morning, when I went to see him after
than need be.  You know, I am sure, what torture I am in."
than other people do.  Just now she was quite upset by a little thing
than she has been for some time, and fell asleep at once.  I shall lock
than the rest, with their big cow-boy hats, great baggy dirty-white
than to me.
than usual, and looks, oh so sweet.  If Mr. Holmwood fell in love with
than you can well fancy if you have never tried it.
thank you.  Tell me what I am to do, and I shall not falter!"
thanked her, but my duty was imperative, and that I must go.
thanked, we shall soon meet!"
thankful that she is to be left out of our future work, and even of
thankfully if it were to come.  We mean to leave no stone unturned to
that
that God may not have treasured your wild words, except as the
that I actually tried to take human life.  The doctor here will bear
that I at once made the introduction, "Lord Godalming, Professor Van
that I can confide in.  I dread coming up to London, as we must
that I can play with, and teach, and feed, and feed, and feed!"
that I could have the object of thought in mind all the time.  But now
that I die that I may live.  When I am thus dead in the flesh, then
that I ever heard of.  First he fastened up the windows and latched
that I fear to alarm them.  Such a dream at the present time would
that I go with him on another expedition.
that I have sought the services of one so far off from London instead
that I intended to stay and protect Mina.  I thought that my mind was
that I may apply your knowledge as you go on.  At present I am going
that I see you?  You can trust me.  I am friend of Dr. John
that I should go to the station to meet Van Helsing, so I told Mrs.
that I wasn't broken to harness at all yet.  Then he said that he
that I watch, I find her lying quiet, but awake, and looking at
that I would gladly make an effort.  Besides, I am glad to have
that Jonathan saw in the room, when they would have kissed
that Jonathan was not far off.  Looking around I saw on the north side
that Judas in hell might be proud of.
that Lucy was bitten by such a bat, and that such a thing is here in
that Methuselah lived nine hundred years, and 'Old Parr' one hundred
that a thing which I have been taught to regard with disfavour and as
that all the rest may not make him kick the beam, as your people say.
that all things are as they are, and did you see with my eyes and know
that are inhabit.  So I search, and search, and I find one
that are thousand times more difficult in that them we do not know.
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
that as to the wolves we must submit, if it were God's will.  At
that as yet I have not seen the Count eat or drink.  He must be a very
that awful night on the cliff must have made her ill.  I had almost
that blinked damply above his quivering nostrils.  His mouth was set
that brave earnest men can do for a poor weak woman, whose soul
that by accurate knowledge of all details he will light up on some
that can never be, but I do hope you will be always as happy as I am
that chill which comes over one at the coming of the dawn, which is
that come upon him.  He will be away all day till late, for he said he
that compels her silence may compel her speech.  I dare not think
that could close it, but the strange things, the extraordinary things,
that did!  Me and my mate, we thort we wouldn't never git out quick
that does me good.
that dozzened an' slippery from lyin' in the sea that they can't even
that either or both of us would now remain with her all the time, and
that every possible accident should thwart us in all we try to do.
that fever gone, and is he strong and hearty?"
that followed, she had many spells of sleeping and waking and repeated
that for a few seconds she did not recognize me, but looked at me with
that for a moment I feared for Harker, though I saw him throw the
that had hitherto so marked her illness.  It struck me as curious that
that had passed, the fits of sleep, or the comatose condition that
that half thought come from and I find that he be no half thought at
that has been I can guess how brilliant and how true they must be.
that has been buzzing about my brain lately is complete, and the
that have been, up to this moment."
that he agreed to go.
that he could read the coffin plates, and so holding it that the sperm
that he doesn't want no Frenchmen, with bloom upon them and also with
that he expected her to wake before long and was afraid of
that he fancied that the box sent aboard might contain something
that he had achieved a certain amount of distribution, he could, by
that he has plenty of work to do, for that keeps his mind off the
that he is good to come, and kind.  Ah, we men and women are like
that he may be awake whilst they sleep?  If I could only get into his
that he must go by the Danube mouth, or by somewhere in the Black Sea,
that he slept so soundly that it seemed as if it was he who had taken
that he was in some way inspired, and was stating things outside
that he was leaving by the night mail and would join me early in the
that he was to be buried in the grave with his father.  As there
that he will allow others to see me, as they think, so that he may
that he would think me a weak fool, and Jonathan a madman, that
that her imagination is beginning to work.  Whilst she has been in the
that his efforts were unavailing.  I had previously seen something of
that his forehead was covered with great beads of perspiration.  Mina
that his reason had been restored, and I felt under a strong impulse
that his so beloved was, after all, an UnDead.  No!  I told him once,
that idea.
that if I had not known Jonathan's experience in Transylvania I could
that if he ever thinks of it afterwards he never will have such a
that if it had been to me to decide I would before that last
that if so we might be able to cope with him then and there.  At any
that if the time comes for you to change your mind towards me, one
that if you feel it necessary to condemn any act of mine, you will
that in their troughs the shallows of the shore were almost visible,
that is given today regarding the strange escapade at the
that is not perhaps well.  And if I work, as work I shall, no matter
that is told."
that is, I mean . . ."  He stopped, and I tried to help him out of his
that it is settled.  There may be things which would frighten her to
that it seems almost impossible that he has been to so many places
that it was of dear Lucy that you wished to ask, and so that you might
that last earth box was ready to ship somewheres.  For this he took
that last letter.  I must only pray to God for patience.
that lay like sunshine over the wasted face and form was only an
that lock the tomb.  I had it from the coffin man to give to Arthur."
that love her.  One, two, three, all open their veins for her, besides
that madmen have unnatural strength.  And as I knew I was a madman, at
that man we saw yesterday!  He seemed quite certain of him, poor
that man.  He meant that we shall have an open mind, and not let a
that mark upon your throat."
that mercy at all events, though the proving it has been
that my husband and I, having typewritten them, had just finished
that my rest is thus freer from dreams, and there it shall remain.
that my work is done I, too, shall go to bed.
that nearly broke me down to see.
that never gave no trouble to talk of.  I'm more surprised
that night, and that it was here, on this very seat, I found her
that none other should be master of me.  You come to me not alone as
that nothing will occur to upset him.  It is two o'clock, and the
that of her husband, who held his other arm thrown round her
that often he had to pause, he read the simple and beautiful service
that on a certain night of the year, last night, in fact, when all
that one earth box remained, and that the Count alone knew where it
that one of your snappy carriages with its heraldic adornments in a
that one who would do as he did in going down that wall and
that other poor souls perish not, whilst we can save.  The nosferatu
that seemed to comfort her.  Towards dusk she fell into a doze.  Here
that sets her free.  To this I am willing, but is there none amongst
that shall operate, and you must not help.  I would like to do it
that she has got her death warrant.  She has not told Lucy, and made me
that she is no more to be pained, no more to be worried with our
that she is well fed, and that nothing disturbs her.  You must not
that she turned on me as she spoke, and if there be indeed a Recording
that shifting them was dry work.  One of them added that it was hard
that ship.  Then, when we have identified the box, we shall place a
that sleep-walking on the cliff at Whitby when Mina saved me, and
that so far as symbols went, she with all her goodness and purity and
that so?"
that some day may lie on my bosom, and I stroked his hair as though he
that such a horrible doubt should not have life for a moment longer
that such may be, you shall not blame yourselves for anything."
that the 'armony 'ad got into his 'ead."
that the Conquistadores sought for in the Floridas, and find him all
that the Count had remained on board the ship.  He replied, "We have
that the Honfoglalas was completed there?  And when the Hungarian
that the body of Skinsky had been found inside the wall of the
that the driver was in the act of pulling up the horses in the
that the exigency of affairs was helping her to forget for a time the
that the horses whinnied and cowered, as if in terror of the
that the poor clay might not be lonely till laid to eternal rest.
that the soul had been won, I could not have gone further
that there is ground for my terrible fear in this accursed place!  I
that there might be no disturbance.  I made a couch with
that there was being erected at Cross Angel Street a new "cold
that there was nothing to be done till they had some rest, so I asked
that there were there, as we had seen them in life, the traces of care
that they could break away.  I feared for my dear Madam Mina when
that they had for scarin' crows with.  'Twarn't for crows then, for it
that they were preparing to bring in foreign troops, and so hasten the
that they were pursued.  They seemed, however, to hasten with
that they would kiss me with those red lips.  It is not good to note
that things would not be just as we had expected.  We only waited to
that this evil thing is rooted deep in all good, in soil barren of
that this road is in summertime excellent, but that it had not yet
that this was the next of the lairs arranged by Dracula.  The house
that to be able to think and move about is like feeling sunshine after
that to wake would be to find things changed, and that any change must
that topped them was like snow, forced themselves in through the mouth
that touch my husband-heart to the quick, and make my father-heart
that true hearted kindness, so long as ever you live!"  Then he went
that vault.  How sweet it was to see the clouds race by, and the
that wait the coming of the bride.  But when the bride draweth nigh,
that wall where we look today, or whether any more have been removed.
that was all of hope.  God be thanked she was not, yet, of
that way, which we must not, may not, take?"
that way.  Wolves is fine things in a storybook, and I dessay when
that we all love has had put into her veins within that time the blood
that we can rightly depend on.  But I'm content, for it's comin' to
that we could hear.  With white faces and trembling hands, we opened
that we know of, and as for things sacred, as this symbol, my
that we may get news at any moment.  We men are all in a fever of
that we may see the young lady not too late on tomorrow, for it is
that we should not want more than an hour at most.  Again I felt that
that we should sit up, dividing the night between us, and watch over
that we women are such cowards that we think a man will save us from
that which is outside your daily life is not of account to you.  Do
that which she know?"
that will be really necessary?"
that will interest you.  These companions," and he laid his hand on
that will make the very face of heaven grow black to him, then we can
that you are willing to understand, you have taken the first step to
that you may know what to do and to dread.  Then our promise shall be
that you simply accept fact, and are satisfied to let from premise to
that your journey from London has been a happy one, and that you
that your veins have appeased my thirst!'  I was bewildered, and
that's good enough for me."
that, but go on our way to the end."  Then he fell into a silence that
that, despite our driver's haste, the horses could only go slowly.  I
that, in the words of one old salt, "she must fetch up somewhere, if
that, should the time ever come, I shall not flinch from the duty that
that, when you avoided the coroner.  I have more than him to avoid.
the 'foreign gentleman'.  I was much touched by their kindness.  Perhaps
the Borgo Pass leads from it into Bukovina--it has had a very stormy
the Castle of Dracula.  Here, Madam Mina's hypnotic power will surely
the Count calling in his harsh, metallic whisper.  His call seemed to
the Count could appear in his own form.  Here, we ask why
the Count in the daylight.  Can it be that he sleeps when others wake,
the Count is there, Van Helsing and Seward will cut off his head at
the Count meant to scatter these ghastly refuges of his over London,
the Count on his return from his tour.  Godalming told the shippers
the Count, and great dark, piercing eyes, that seemed to be almost red
the Count, for oh!  I dread Jonathan leaving me, and I know that he
the Count.
the Devil, what a force for good might he not be in this old world of
the Eversfield Asylum before anyone could lay hands on her.  And I
the Greeks and Japanese.  If ever a face meant death, if looks could
the Green Park.  My heart beat as I saw the house on which so much of
the Magyar.
the North Terrace, but could see no sign of the white figure which I
the Park road.  Once or twice I went out to see that all was right,
the Piccadilly houses being mostly in occupation.  I asked one or two
the Professor a keen "S-s-s-s!"  He pointed, and far down the avenue of
the Professor and stay in the Green Park.  Somewhere in sight of the
the Professor as we moved off, "Two nights hence you shall meet with
the Professor in a whisper, "What do you make of that mark on her
the Professor when he said, "Let us go back to Madam Mina.  Poor, poor
the Romany tongue.
the South.
the Stars and Stripes.  The power of Treaty may yet prove a vast
the Turk.  Why, there is hardly a foot of soil in all this region that
the UnDead who walk the earth.  Read all, I pray you, with the open
the Vampire can produce.  We can do nothing with poor Madam Mina for a
the abbey.  When I came back from the window Lucy had lain down again,
the actual quality of her blood, for in opening a window which was
the agent, who was much impressed with Godalming's kindly manner to
the air and then ring in the room he said,
the air with vicious shakes.  We all seemed to find our spirits rise.
the angels, even if it be a will-o'-the-wisp to man.  Van Helsing
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
the approach of thunder, affects persons of a sensitive nature.
the attendant and at times servile, but tonight, the man tells me, he
the attendants quite placidly, simply repeating over and over again,
the attendants rushed in, and we turned our attention to him, his
the awful depth would not overcome me, but after that kept my eyes
the balcony I saw there were some loose boards, whose raw edges looked
the bars.
the bed.  On his face, as there might well be, was a look of wild
the bed.  The collapse had come, as on former occasions, just as I had
the berserker Icelander, the devil-begotten Hun, the Slav, the Saxon,
the best and truest of your friends."
the best proof of that, your own evidence, when in the hypnotic trance
the blind, and looked out of the window.  There was much moonshine,
the blissful rest of last night!  How I slept, with that dear, good
the blood clot, for it is evident that the haemorrhage is increasing."
the books available, he suddenly stood up and said, "Have you written
the bottle which Mother's doctor uses for her--oh! did use--was
the box before sunrise.  There is also the instruction to Petrof
the box being nailed down.  Now I can hear the heavy feet tramping
the boxseat,--"gotza" they call them--cracked his big whip over his
the brooding weight off his mind.
the butt end of his heavy whip.  It was a horrible blow, but he
the captain replied that he wished that he and his box, old and with
the carriage of the box up some river.  When this was done, and
the castle, it must have been the Count himself who was the driver of
the child is, is a friend of mine, and I think of yours since you were
the child's at the hospital, if you, who saw the coffin empty last
the churchyard, and yet of your own senses you did not believe, how
the client, simply placing himself in the hands of one man, could have
the clock struck six, whereupon he laboured to get up, and said,
the clock struck twelve it waked me from a doze, so I must have been
the coach that brought me here.  This is a terrible thought, for if
the coach, as the caleche was close alongside, the driver helping me
the collar of her nightdress close around her, as though she felt the
the coming of Godalming and Quincey Morris.  The Professor tried to
the coming, speed the parting guest.'  Come with me, my dear young
the compass.  It contains in all some twenty acres, quite surrounded
the completest sanity.  He even took himself as an example when he
the conduct of the patient Renfield!  The bundle of letters relating
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
the corner of a great rock, so that on three sides it was quite
the courtyard far below.  Then he withdrew without a word.  It is very
the cracking of whips.  The Szgany and the Slovaks of whom the Count
the crowded streets of your mighty London, to be in the midst of the
the crumbs of sugar.  Then he took his fly box, and emptied it
the darkness now and then.  You can, you know, if you like, for that
the dead, and such like, for weeks past, but I didn't mean them, and I
the death that should have come centuries ago had at last assert
the decanter of brandy and a carafe of water.  We moistened the
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
the devil may work against us for all he's worth, but God sends us men
the difficulty by entering first himself.  The rest of us followed,
the dining room and each have a glass of wine.  The door flew
the dining room, I was assured of it.  For if he does himself all
the dining room, dimly lit by rays of light through the shutters,
the direction, opened it and read aloud.
the disposition of our forces, there were new sources of doubt.  It
the distance.
the divination by the dead, and all the dead that he can come nigh to
the doctor said, fallen back in the seat in some sort of fright, for
the dog, he can be as bat, as Madam Mina saw him on the window at
the dogs frisked about and barked merrily as they made sudden darts at
the doing of certain kinds of business.  I had spent the day wearily
the door and secure the key the same as before, though I do not expect
the door behind them, and stood at the foot of the bed, looking on.
the door gently, and entered the room.
the door he stepped quickly along the passage to the next door, which
the door is locked and the window securely fastened.
the door leading to it from the house, but I have taken with my Kodak
the door of the tomb.  She is young as UnDead, and will
the door opened, and mother looked in.  Seeing by my moving that
the door we heard the lunatic within singing gaily, as he used to do
the door, and saw without the three terrible women licking their lips.
the door--came and listened, and then looked at me, most of them
the door.
the doors that opened from them.  One or two small rooms near the hall
the double postman's knock of the telegraph boy.  We all moved out to
the doubt as to the reality of the whole thing that knocked me over.
the dove from the ark had lighted there.  My fear fell from me as if
the dreadful bag.  There was no door near them, and they could not
the driver what this all meant, but I really feared to do so, for I
the east, and there was a shudder amongst the watchers on the cliff
the edge of the lid which fell over again, and hid the horrid thing
the efforts of both men the lid began to yield.  The nails drew with a
the embrasure in a more comfortable position, so that I could enjoy
the end knew very much more than I did.  When I remarked this, he
the end may be.  As for me, my own affairs are regulate, and as I have
the end to you and me and many another, or it may sound the knell of
the engine, steering, and keeping watch.  I can feel that my strength
the entire pier from the mass of onlookers, or else the fatalities
the evening drew on, and the earth took its shadows from the sun
the evening, when the falling sunset threw into strange relief the
the evidence of our own eyesight, that the coffin was empty.  I
the evil eye will follow hard behind us all the way.  The Professor
the extent of her weakness.  The time seemed endless until sleep began
the extraordinary state of drouth to which they had been reduced
the eyes as he said, "A brave man's blood is the best thing on this
the facts.  So far as I can see, my only plan will be to keep my
the far side of the house I found him pressed close against the old
the fire and dreams.  We were starting forward, but the Professor's
the fire to replenish it, she caught me and held me back, and
the fire, and was sharpened to a fine point.  With this stake came a
the fire, in simple style of the London cat's meat!
the first in his surmises.  He have done this alone, all alone!  From
the first occasion.  It was hard to believe that amongst so prosaic
the first on board may save some complications later on, in the
the first red streak of the coming dawn shot up, the flesh stood
the first sunrise when we are near that fateful place.  There is much
the first time I have written the words 'my husband'--left me alone
the first, unless there be some one of the household who bid him to
the flame of the lamp till they were consumed.
the flapping and buffeting came to the window again.  She
the forehead, and only once."
the form of a bat, cannot cross the running water of his own volition,
the formalities are complete.  'Are you willing, Wilhelmina, to
the former owner there might be some means discovered of gaining access
the foul names he could lay his tongue to.  The man, who
the friends who love me.  But death is not all.  I cannot believe that
the gas shining like a red eye.  Things began to whirl through my
the gate of the empty house was.  He went away followed by
the gate, and a few seconds later I met Van Helsing running up the
the general superstition about midnight was increased by my recent
the glass, which was shattered into a thousand pieces on the stones of
the glass.  Look before the snow blots it all out!"  I took it and
the gloom the courtyard looked of considerable size, and as several
the gone sun on the snow, and all was for a time in a great
the good horses go along jog, jog, just as ever.  I look down and
the good practice, let me tell you that this case of our dear miss is
the grave of a suicide."
the grave.  We could not see the face, for it was bent down over what
the gravediggers had completed their task and the sexton, under the
the great Charcot, alas that he is no more, into the very soul of the
the great bolts clanged and echoed through the hall as they shot back
the great fireplace, leaning against the stonework, made a graceful
the greater evil is entirely wrought.  I know, and you know, that were
the greater seems the necessity to utterly stamp him out.  All through
the ground fought over for centuries by the Wallachian, the Saxon, and
the half-reclining white figure.  I called in fright, "Lucy!  Lucy!"
the hall door.  When we reached the hall, the maid had just opened the
the hall with one impulse, and Van Helsing, holding up his hand to us
the hands of strangers."
the happiest woman in all the wide world, and that I had nothing to
the harbour to the East Cliff, in the hope or fear, I don't know which,
the harbour.  A great viaduct runs across, with high piers, through
the heart had he seen that little group of loving and devoted friends
the heart of the enemy's country.  Whilst the old fox is tied in his
the heart, and the hammer in your right.  Then when we begin our
the heavy walking and sat down to rest.  Then we looked back and saw
the high land on either side you look right across it, unless you are
the horrible vindictive look which I knew so well.
the horror, the women crying out.  "This is the work of a Slovak!"  We
the horses and set them, tethered in shelter, to feed.  Then when
the horses of the coach by the light of the lamps, and projected
the house together with the rent due, in English money.  This had been
the house.  And in the old chapel the great boxes looked just as we
the house.  Unconsciously we had all moved towards the door, and as we
the housebreaker, what would you do?"
the hypnotism.  We stopped our carriage, and got down so
the information Mr. Billington could give me, so I went down to the
the instant the Czarina Catherine is seen, we are to be informed by a
the interstice where scarce a knife blade could have gone.  We all
the interval, for when he was quite conscious, he looked at me
the key in the great lock and the falling back of the heavy door.
the key of the situation is in that house in Piccadilly.  The Count
the key on the bunch and opened the door.  We were prepared for some
the key, opened the vault, and again courteously motioned me to
the key.  Then I stopped and looked at the Count.  There was a mocking
the keys on coming away in the main hall of the house, where the
the knowledge and all the help which we can get.  I think that the
the land.  In such case he can, if it be in the night, change his form
the laneway to the East Pier so steeply that some of the flat
the latter said, "Should we disturb her?"
the law with my other friend, Peter Hawkins.  So!"
the law, the finance, the science, the habit of a new land and a new
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
the letters between the consignee of the boxes at Whitby and the
the letters which I had seen on the Count's table before I knew of his
the levelled weapons nor the flashing knives of the gypsies in front,
the lies on that thruff-stone," he said.
the like, but not for a nice young lady like you.  Them feet-folks
the lips were cut, and the mouth was smeared with a crimson foam.  But
the lips were gouts of fresh blood, which trickled from the corners of
the lock, and I could not find it anywhere.  The only thing I found
the log.
the long road together, driving in double harness?"
the longest way, so your proverb say.  We shall all act and act with
the loose flange, he bent it back towards the foot of the coffin, and
the main always ascending.  Suddenly, I became conscious of the fact
the man is weak.  And there remain one more victim in the
the manhood of him, and there was a royal lot of it, too, to keep him
the manuscript in his hand, and I knew that when he read it he would
the matter, it is almost impossible to realize that the cause of all
the matters I had been examined in at Lincoln's Inn.  There was a
the maw of the wolf were better to rest in than the grave of the
the meantime, the thought is too horrible, I dare not think of it even
the men came at a run, and were just in time, for at the stroke of
the minutes and seconds so preciously laden with Mina's life and
the missing box.
the mist, and seem 'men like trees walking'.  The fishing boats are
the moment in your so great Port of London.  Which of them is it that
the moment she became conscious she pressed the garlic flowers close
the money.  For this he hurry at the last, lest we catch him before
the moonbeams, were those three ghostly women to whom I was doomed.
the moonlight seeming full of a silent mystery of their own.  Not a
the morning.  In particular, by some trick of the light, the canine
the most calm.  He seems absolutely imperturbable.  I can fancy what
the most cunning, as well as the bravest of the sons of the 'land
the mountain ash?
the mountain tops, and the shadows of the whole group fell upon the
the mountains into this river, but as none of them are very large, at
the mouth and ran down over the chin and neck.  Even the deep, burning
the name and address of Mrs. Westenra's solicitor and had written to
the necessary formalities for his release in the morning.  I thought
the necessity, and begun to take off my coat, but he stopped me with a
the nether world.  I daresay it will be difficult to begin to keep
the next lull of the snow swept the whole space below us.  "See," he
the next, and would send me word when to come.
the night I have kept alive, Madam Mina aiding me.  It is
the nose, the red eyes, the red lips, the awful pallor.  It was only
the observation trap in the door.  His attention was called by the
the old days before I went to school.  I felt it very improper, for
the old days there were stirring times, when the Austrian and the
the old man cackled over it, and his cronies joined in with gusto.
the old wolf's ears too!
the operation.  As the transfusion went on, something like life seemed
the opportunities available.  I did not feel dizzy, I suppose I was
the other dogs, who had by now been lifted in the same manner, had but
the other places where there be more earth boxes, at Bermondsey and
the others, and scrutinized them closely.  Not meeting any sufficient
the pale gums, drawn back, made the teeth look longer and sharper than
the part where Harker had rushed at the Count so recklessly, she clung
the pieces from her.  All the same, however, she went on with the
the pier jutting under the East Cliff, known locally as Tate Hill
the place and its surroundings.  He clearly had studied beforehand all
the place and the occasion, and stood silent, waiting.
the place look like a bank of earth set with fireflies.  The dogs
the place of work was situated, but he had a vague idea that it was
the place pretty freely.  We moved to explore the house, all keeping
the place until this 'bloofer lady' scare came along, since then it
the place whither he is bound, he can only change himself at noon or
the places assigned to us close round the tomb, but hidden from the
the placing of things of which we know, so that He may not enter.  Now
the plain.
the police.  Then he have an auction in that house, and advertise it,
the poor white lips with it, and together we rubbed palm and wrist and
the post town named by Count Dracula, is a fairly well-known place.  I
the present time.
the privilege of asking him a few questions on a private matter.  He
the privilege of reason in the highest degree, since you seek to
the quick Undead, your death would make you even as he is.  No, you
the rapid pit-pat of a swiftly driven horse's feet.  They stopped at
the rays of the moonlight and pass out through the window, for I could
the reins.  The horses started forward, and trap and all disappeared
the relief of tears.
the repose in the first place, and the gladness that stole
the rest.  Alas!  I cannot carry one arm that the rest do, the scar on
the right of the first civilian entering on a derelict.  Already,
the road, we silently, and as if by ordered intention, followed the
the roadway till we passed as through a tunnel.  And again great
the rocks.  And, as to hopes of a glorious resurrection, I've often
the romance of my life is told, ere I go back to take up the thread of
the room, opened another door, which led into a small octagonal room
the room.  On the instant the Professor spoke again.
the room.  The door was shut, but not locked, as I had left it.  I feared
the rooms which I had come to hate from the presence of the Count, and
the ruin of Whitby Abbey, which was sacked by the Danes, and which is
the safety of the poor stricken lady.  The first watch falls to
the same awful, waxen pallor as before.  He wore a look of stern
the same constantly growing excitement in him when he had to make some
the same imperious gesture that I had seen used to the wolves.  In a
the same moment Mr. Morris's bowie knife plunged into the heart.
the same sense of some presence.  I turned to wake Jonathan, but found
the same sullen acquiescence on this occasion.
the same.
the sandy pathway far below.  There are walks, with seats beside them,
the scene as we drove along, although had I known the language, or
the scene of part of "Marmion," where the girl was built up in the
the science knowledge of his time.  He had a mighty brain, a learning
the sea.
the second June 19, and the third June 29."
the self-surrender of devotion to have neither eyes nor ears for the
the sense of companionship may have helped us, but anyhow we were all
the service the dog would not come to its master, who was on the seat
the setting sun.
the shade and the shadow, and would be alone with my thoughts when I
the ship and get from him letters to the agent in Galatz, with
the ship were to touch the land, and then only at full or slack tide.
the shoulder, a sob in unison, are expressions of sympathy dear to a
the shrubbery, and shortly after there was a crash at the
the sight of God.  None of us said a word of the other operations, and
the silence of the night when sleep is not, 'It was my hand that sent
the sleeping draught, and not I.  I tried, but I could not wake him.
the snow flurries and the wreaths of mist took shape as of
the sorrowin' mother was a hell-cat that hated him because he was
the sound never could have come through the softness of human lips.
the sound sprang up at the rising of his hand, just as the music of a
the stairs and along the hall.  Suddenly he stopped.  "Hark!"
the stairs.  In the hall he opened the dining room door, and we passed
the station and just caught the train, which was steaming in as we
the station at Exeter, so, seeing that Dr. Seward keeps his
the steps, crossed the flagged yard, and pushed open the stable door.
the stone the poor thing began to tremble.  It did not try to get away,
the strain become too great, and we break.  But King Laugh he come
the streets.  I feared to go very far from the station, as we had
the strength in his hand of twenty men, even we four who gave our
the strength of twenty men, and that, though our necks or our
the strings of putty to the edges of the door.
the suavest tones to write three letters, one saying that my work here
the subject at once.
the suffused look had gone from his face, and his eyes had something
the suffusion shows the terrible nature of his injury.  The whole
the sugar of his tea spread out on the window sill, and is reaping
the sun go down.  It was his last hope, save that he might hide in the
the sun had dipped before we came out.  When Van Helsing saw how dark
the sun shining more and more brightly as it sank down towards the far
the sundown I took away my garlic and other things.  And so it is we
the sunset this shall be so.  Then he have no place where he can move
the table.  The Count again excused himself, as he had dined out on
the tears in his voice.  Mr. Morris, with instinctive delicacy, just
the tears rolling down his cheeks, and his whole face and form
the telegram every day, and if there be cause I shall come again.
the tender or emotional side without feeling it derogatory to his
the tenth scholar as his due.  In the records are such words as
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
the thin nose and peculiarly arched nostrils, with lofty domed
the things that make one doubt if they be mad or sane."
the thought of the pain which he might have to inflict upon the poor
the thought.
the three of us, pulling us to and fro as if we were kittens.
the threshold.  We closed the door behind us, lest when we should have
the throat had absolutely disappeared.
the time of exact sunset will reveal.  These occasions are becoming
the time that so great child-brain of his was growing, and he began to
the time, seemed incredible, and even afterwards is impossible to
the time.  That he scatter his money in making quick inquiry as to
the tombs in the chapel, so far as I could tell.  And as there
the top of the stairway which, though it seemed locked, gave a little
the town, and has a full view of the harbour and all up the bay to
the train to start, he was turning them over.  His eyes suddenly
the trains.  What ought they to be in China?
the trouble.  Mr. Morris and Dr. Seward were off on their long ride
the trumpet sounds?  I have me antherums aboot it!  I tell ye that
the two ascended the steps, and Lord Godalming pointed out what he
the two between them unfold it has not been my lot to come across.
the unrest that I have gone through, and all the terrible
the usual pace.  And so I slept uneasily and thought.  Then it began
the very vast of the traffic there is none to notice.  We shall go
the vessel drive to land, but if it were unfriendly land, wherein
the walls of my castle are broken.  The shadows are many, and the wind
the water rushing by.  Canvas and cordage strain and masts and yards
the way to the chapel?"
the way.  The poor fellow was laid to rest near our seat so that we
the werewolves themselves had come.  Here, too, when they came, they
the west was a great valley, and then, rising far away, great jagged
the white energy of boiling water, pouring in, not through the window,
the wide world will I consent to any mutilation of her dead body.  Dr.
the wide world, and that he would go through all the past again to
the winding stair blew to with a shock that set the dust from the
the window of his room, and was running down the avenue.  I
the window of my own room saw Mina.  I waved my hand to her, and
the window, crawled again up the castle wall.  Regaining my room, I
the windows of St. Mary's Church at Whitby.  I knew, too, the red scar
the windows.  The poor man was more loud than ever, and though I could
the wire.
the wolf department is included.  Thomas Bilder lives in one of the
the wolves and the jackals and the hyenas in all our section their
the wolves disappeared.  This was all so strange and uncanny that a
the wolves sounded nearer and nearer, as though they were closing
the woman who robbed the dead and the living.  Her punishment will
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
the world of such a monster.  There was no lethal weapon at hand, but
the world.  Can you tell me how the Indian fakir can make himself to
the world.  I have asked him to come over, and as you told me that
the worst of all.  And he will sometimes think that she he loved was
the years.  Who would, if they could, have fought for their
their Berserkers displayed to such fell intent on the seaboards of
their backs."
their brains, and their swords, can boast a record that mushroom
their coming marriage.  That made me just a little heart-sick, for I
their ears in another, when gents as is flush wants a bit of a show-orf
their eyes blazing red, like His only smaller.  He held up his hand,
their foreheads, and were flushed in the face, as if with violent
their ghastly ranks.
their knees and prayed.
their laugh came through the silence of the night, they
their leaders, for our spirit would not brook that we were not free.
their long staves in hand.  I ran to the door, intending to descend
their names and addresses, in case they might be needed.  They
their odour was a part of the system of cure.  Then he took over the
their own ends, on other coffins, so that they might give light
their places to be hammered home.
their prostrate foes, and turned them over and over and tossed them in
their twa fingers when they saw him, to guard them against the evil
their way and they touch, the pouf!  And there comes a flash of light,
them I knew was Jonathan, and the other I took, of course, to be Lord
them all alone.  And so he progress, and he scatter these graves of
them all away and opened a bit of the window to let in a little fresh
them all to lie down for half an hour whilst I should enter everything
them and bringing out all the glorious colours of this beautiful
them as of old.
them but shall minister to your needs.  But as yet you are to be
them connected with death, and vampires, with blood, and pain, and
them in the bag, blew out the light, and placed the candle also in the
them just as well.  I must go with you on your journey."
them posted.  I have already spoken to them through my window to begin
them securely.  Next, taking a handful of the flowers, he rubbed them
them shudder.  Poor dear old man!
them significantly as he said, "They never leave me, and they shall
them steans, holdin' up their heads as well as they can out of their
them than I am," and as I wondered at the meaning of her
them to eat or . . ."  He stopped suddenly as though reminded of a
them to take off the strait waistcoat.  I have had a terrible dream,
them together.  There is the ten o'clock bell ringing.  Goodbye.
them turned to triumph.
them was a cart, a long leiter wagon which swept from side to side,
them with their artificial avalanches.  When the invader was
them you and others shall yet be mine, my creatures, to do my bidding
them, and pulling one of them off the cart, began to knock his
them, and then find this great UnDead, and cut off his head
them, and they came in, and when they saw what had happened, and
them, and when I said it was Dr. Van Helsing's wish that either he or
them.
them.  I quite understood.  My only doubt was as to whether any dream
them.  I seized some of the firewood which was by me, and
them.  This morning I am horribly weak.  My face is ghastly pale, and
themselves lazily away, when, looking carefully from behind a clump of
themselves.  Here and there was a peasant man or woman kneeling before
themselves.  What I think of on this point is, when self is the fixed
then I said softly to him, "Come and look at her."
then I shouldn't be surprised if the census is one babby the less.
then Renfield had called out loudly several times, "God!  God!  God!"
then a third.  All at once the door opened under a slight push from
then be ready.  In the meantime I shall read over some of these
then because he knows, but not till then.  But you do not find the
then began to set out on the little table the instruments for yet
then begins our great quest.  But first I shall have much to say, so
then goodbye, my friend John.
then he shall know all.  And, my good friend John, let me caution you.
then make known to you something of the history of this man, which has
then men come and take away the unbroken seal and that there lie the
then surely it is maddening to think that of all the foul things that
then the horses cowered lower and lower, and moaned in terror as
then the maidens shine not to the eyes that are filled."
then there was silence, deep, awful silence, which chilled me.  With a
then took it by the scruff of the neck and half dragged and half threw
then took, and rolling it into thin strips, began to lay them into the
then was to escape.  The proof of this, is the letter of
then we have a margin of nearly two weeks.
then we went away silently.  By good chance we got a cab near the
then went in a body to the dining room, and I laid what flowers I
then, can I expect Arthur, who know none of those things, to believe?
then, in Whitby and all the world before me, Jonathan away and no news
then, in his design in getting to London, and it was he I saw.  He has
then, simultaneously lifting their noses, began to howl in most
thence to other ports and up the Danube.  'So!' said I, 'this is the
theories somewhere else.  Damn all thick-headed Dutchmen!'  Not a word
theory proved.
therapeutics by his discovery of the continuous evolution of brain
there I shall be all alone, and my friend Harker Jonathan, nay, pardon
there a fishing boat, with a rag of sail, running madly for shelter
there against the background of late-lying snow.  Sometimes, as the
there an available exit.  The castle is a veritable prison, and I am a
there and search that house.  And when we learn what it holds, then we
there are bad dreams for those who sleep unwisely.  Be warned!  Should
there are dangers to all of us, and from all sides.  The horses are
there are signs of his advance.  Not only of his power, but of his
there are things old and new which must not be contemplated by men's
there are two little red points like pin-pricks, and on the band of her
there are two sofas.  You shall lie on one, and I on the other, and
there dine, for I must be back here before the sun set."
there dots moving singly and in twos and threes and larger numbers.
there her gaiety remained, for the servants were coming and going.
there is a sort of negative condition, as if some tie were loosened,
there is a sure index to it if men will but take the trouble to look?"
there is also something about the shorthand symbols that makes it
there is in it anything worth sharing, but it is really an exercise
there is no need of us.  Alas!"
there is something magnetic or electric in some of these combinations
there may be nothing to excite him of this kind for a long time to
there none can emerge, so that at least says the superstition.  And to
there not been terrible memories to spur us on, we could hardly have
there they were shipped to London.  Thus the Count had knowledge
there was a look of fear and horror on his face that the men said made
there was a puddle of water, remaining from the storm, I daubed my feet
there was business to be done, and I could allow nothing to interfere
there was no distraction.  For had it occurred whilst we were at a
there was no possible reason why I should, so I took her with me.
there was some constraint with him.  The professor noticed it too, and
there was to be no more concealment of anything amongst us.  Mina is
there we find a man in an office.  From him we inquire of the goings
there we passed Cszeks and slovaks, all in picturesque attire, but I
there were any change.  Things remain as they were except that he has
there were too much of them.  I would get Dr. Van Helsing or Dr.
there, I know not, but I heard his voice raised in a tone of imperious
there.
there.  Had we done so, the Count must have guessed our purpose, and
there.  Our best hope is to come on him when in the box between
there.  The coastguard ran aft, and when he came beside the wheel,
there.  Tonight and tomorrow we can get ready, and then if all be
therefore, guard ourselves from his touch.  Keep this near your
thereto by an inmate.  But these are not his most important
these I noticed that one was near London on the east side, manifestly
these boxes have been removed.  It seems to me, that our first step
these flowers are only common garlic."
these form his equipment for the noble work that he is doing for
these menial offices, surely it is proof that there is no one else in
these places were chosen as the first of delivery, so that later he
these ports?"
these quiet moods of his, so I have given the attendant a hint to
these weird figures drew near and circled round.  I looked at her,
these wolves seem upset at something.'
these words.  The schooner paused not, but rushing across the
these, and we must not flinch.
they all fell in love with her on the spot.  Even my old man succumbed
they are not pleasant things.  John, my child, you have been my friend
they can be.  And whatever may happen must have in it some element of
they could enter.  The horses had ceased to moan, and lay still
they could not tell us whether the boat turned into the Bistritza or
they cried and sobbed in a hysterical manner.  I was stern with them,
they gets in packs and does be chivyin' somethin' that's more
they give us no trouble.  We are not worried with other travellers,
they had nothing to add to the simple description 'fifty cases of
they had something else to think of, well with blood again.  For it
they had to keep on neutral subjects.  However, I thought the matter
they have been missed, and on two occasions the children
they laughed.
they may have been evidences that my mind was not as usual, and, for
they may solve only in part.  Believe me, we are now on the verge of
they only.  I give rein to them, and they go on so patient.  By
they sailed across.  For a moment or two I could see nothing, as the
they shall be ready.  She is calling to me.
they shall themselves look after the horses.  It may be necessary for
they swept on their way to Bukovina.  As they sank into the darkness I
they told how the captain's swears exceeded even his usual polyglot,
they told us, well out to sea.
they went I asked Dr. Seward to give me a little opiate of some kind,
they were born, I was countermining them.  And you, their best beloved
they were only duty calls, I did not go.
they were worn and frayed and moth-eaten.  But still in none of the
they were, and prepared fire and water.  Fortunately, the kitchen and
they were, such a look of hate, though unconscious of me or my
they were.  He replied, without turning round, that they had all flown
they would encounter a worse madman any day for the pleasure of
thick in the place that you might have slep' on it without 'urtin' of
thing could have happened puzzled the attendant beyond measure.  He
thing for us.  Only for it we should have overtaken the boat long ago,
thing if that man, that monster, be really in London!  I
thing of night, gloom, and fear?
thing seemed to be stirring, but all to be grim and fixed as death or
thing that stood in the way I would not shrink to die here now, amidst
thing to commit burglary in Piccadilly, either by day or night.  I
thing to you, my dear old fellow, to be placed in such a position
thing, that the spells of quietness last a reasonable time.  We shall
thing.  Gin we were nigh a ship, or a port, or a headland, a fog fell
thing?  Was it because I hate you and have hated you all my life?  Was
things and housekeeping.  Jonathan and Mr. Hawkins are busy all
things into the open fireplace, where he set fire to them with a
things like a gray pall, and left available to men only the organ of
things must be, and in such way?  This poor mother, all unknowing, and
things other than business in your letters.  It will doubtless please
things she like not, garlic and a crucifix, and so seal up
things that angels can read.  And we men who wish to know have in us
things that had already happened to me or come within my notice.
things that prevent him say goodbye as he ought, and he may think that
things that were childish at the first are now of man's stature.  He
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
things to a sleep-walking in which she puts down that you saved her.
things were, many a man who set forth to do such a task as
things which we had seen with our own eyes and heard with our own ears
things, Jonathan, my husband, or you will crush me with fear and
things, is it not so?  Yes!  Then we shall go through all these
things, it was impossible to distrust.  In respectful silence we took
things, no matter how low in the scale of creation, one might
things, which I dare not confess to my own soul.  God keep me, if only
things.  And will you not so much honour me and so help me as to read
things.  I am afraid, my dear, he has to invent it all, for it fits
things.  I am blessed that today I come to see you, for I
things.  I could see that he had something on his mind, which he
things?"
think about it.  Mina, pray for my happiness.
think had there been any alternative I should have taken it, instead
think he recognized my thought in my eyes, for he said very quietly,
think it over, that all is not lost.  This very creature that we
think must have been in his time a most dictatorial person.
think o' them.  Why, it's them that, not content with printin' lies on
think of him.  This is a new weakness, of which I must be careful.
think of now, and I can wait.  I can wait."
think of or foresee.  For a man who was never in the country, and who
think of the empty chair at home.  So we got up and walked down
think of what might happen.  A vague over-mastering fear obscured all
think or say, it was hard to imagine that I had seen him eat up his
think that my imaginings were of the night, and the gloom, and
think that we, your true friends, are round you, and that we pray for
think them dead, for their stertorous breathing and the acrid smell of
think this a very sloppy letter in more ways than one, and I really
think what will be his joy when he, too, is destroyed in his worser
think why he was doing this.  But at the instant I heard Harker's
think you have left me without a place to rest, but I have more.  My
think, and I have no data on which to found a conjecture."
think, and it made me mad to know that He had been taking the life out
thinking I don't know what.
thinking that I knew as much about it as he did, "Do you see who it
thinking.  Mrs. Harker was not down when the maid came to announce
thinks at all, wonderin' where he is to get his breakfast from.  Or
thinnest foreign post, and looking at them, then at him, and noticing
this London was no place for him.  He have take his last earth box on
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
this amount, you can return balance, if greater, we shall at once
this and know of the white figure last night that brought the child to
this awful work, and I acquiesced.  But to think that he keeps
this being, this UnDead, as Van Helsing called it, and to loathe it.
this change should come, it would be necessary to take steps!  We both
this criminal of ours is predestinate to crime also.  He, too, have
this diary right up to the moment.  I am very sleepy and shall go to
this down, lest some day it should meet Mina's eyes and cause her
this dreadful time.  I know that you must fight.  That you must
this evening.  You will, I hope, find all things as you wish."  At the
this ever any more."  And he groaned in spirit.
this except what is personal.  Must it go in?"
this goes on it may ultimately mislead us.  If I thought that the
this horrible thing lasted I know not, but it seemed that a long time
this horror may have passed away from me."
this moment than if the weight of an earthly grave lay heavy upon me!"
this moment the flapping of the wings of the angel of death.  And he
this morning at dawn he could hardly hypnotize me at all, and that all
this morning on our seat, his neck being broken.  He had evidently, as
this morning.  I am in fear that her power of reading the Count's
this morning."
this morning."
this now UnDead be made to rest as true dead, then the soul of the
this on Lucy's phonograph.  Until six o'clock they are to try to rest.
this pain be the last.  We and you too, you most of all, dear boy,
this particular burden of silence must rest.  I shall not ever enter
this peculiarity in criminals.  It is so constant, in all countries
this place, or the crucifix itself, I do not know, but I am not
this poor thing done, that we are so sore beset?  Is there fate
this sudden change of his entire intellectual method was but yet
this terrible and mysterious enemy.
this time my chance of much learning from this so clever lunatic, so I
this to Van Helsing, and he and I are to talk it over when we are
this was especially so when death had been preceded by any acute or
this way and write it out for him on the typewriter, at which also I
this will do."
this.  She will be herself at home in Exeter.  Oh, but I am sleepy!
thither on this night he shall find me.  But none other shall,
thither that the train reached.
those dear to us both, and who are in such deadly peril.  As for me, I
those doors garlic, which the UnDead cannot bear, and other things
those others in the old chapel.  It was evident to us that the Count
those others that you, Jonathan, saw.  You have told us of their
those sisters in the castle of Dracula.  He become so small, we
those words that arrest both our understanding, an inspiration came to
though Jonathan's so fierce knife put him in the danger that even he
though he had known me so little, and what his life would be with me
though his gesture of welcome had fixed him into stone.  The instant,
though in the valleys which ran deep between the spurs of the hills,
though it were of the night.  I am beginning to feel this nocturnal
though my own brain were unhinged or as if the shock had come which
though sad am I at your going, and that you so suddenly desire it.
though there be that horrid odour such as the lairs of the
though urging him to further speed.  He lashed the horses unmercifully
though why I should I do not know, but I do wish that he would write,
though you and I have seen some strange things together,
thought I would enter into his mind as well as I could and go with him.
thought got a new fascination for me, till, as I looked, the fire
thought instinctively and unconsciously, as she spoke.
thought it best to go down to Whitby and make, on the spot, such
thought that it was another occasion for hypnotism, and without
thought that sail nobly on big wings, when the time come for him to
thought that, placed as I was, any protest would have had no effect in
thought, and as my eyes ranged the room, unconsciously looking for
thought, by murdering his agent.
thought, that there are no servants in the house.  When later I saw
thought.  Our nerves are not so calm and our blood so bright than
thought.  There I wrong him.  I know he never will.  He is too true a
thought."
thoughtlessness and tried to comfort her.
thoughts at the present.  Later I shall unfold to you."
thoughts to each other.  We should neither of us shrink from the task,
thoughts, she began.
thoughts.  Oh! if I could only help at all.  I shall do what I can.
thousand feet without touching anything!  As far as the eye can reach
thousand men looking on, and if I am to be wiped out for it the next
thousand times more for her sweet pity of last night, a pity that made
thousands of flies and spiders and birds and cats buzzing and
thousands of them in Hungary and Transylvania, who are almost outside
threaten her husband, and red at others when his devotion to her was
threatened, or in some way in danger or in fear.  I have not yet seen
threats and curses and revilings from our man.  I went down
three laughed, such a silvery, musical laugh, but as hard as though
three weeks.  The lethargy grows upon her, and though she seems strong
three.  Just fancy!  Three proposals in one day!  Isn't it awful!  I
threw back the massive bolts.
threw himself on his knees, and held up his hands, wringing them in
threw myself panting upon the bed and tried to think.
threw off the Hungarian yoke, we of the Dracula blood were amongst
threw ourselves against it.  With a crash it burst open, and we almost
threw the whole scene into a fleeting diorama of light and shade as
thrill of pleasure.
thrilling and repulsive, and as she arched her neck she actually
throat trickled a thin stream of blood.  Her eyes were mad with
throat with a big safety pin.  But I must have been clumsy in my
throat, and showed us the punctures.  There was no mistaking the
throat.  He said quite calmly, "Little girl, you will never forget
throat.  She was still unconscious, and was quite as bad as, if not
throat?"
throats.  An idea struck me, and I looked up.
throbbing and doing their utmost.  I wonder how Dr. Seward and Mr.
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
through Death, not Life."
through all the multitude of horrors, the holy ray of light that my
through all their pallor.  The lips were as red as ever.  But there
through all this blackness, and these many dark hours.  We shall
through her sleep, but she made no response, none at all, and the
through her, increasing in intensity for a few seconds, till at the
through it all came the scriptural words "a pillar of cloud by day and
through it alone what a pleasure it would be.  To stop and see people,
through long years I have trained myself to keep an open mind, I could
through me.
through the broken window, showing the drawn, white, face, with a look
through the broken window.
through the churchyard, and people go and sit there all day long
through the darkness, with the cold from the river seeming to rise up
through the diamond panes, enabled one to see even colours, whilst it
through the night did I come to them, till it arrive to the
through the observation trap.  He was sleeping soundly, his heart rose
through the rocks, and the branches of the trees crashed together as
through the snow gloom.  I was desolate and afraid, and
through the streets and over the bridge.  A fish leaped as I went by,
through the window.
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
throughout the voyage.  Of course my statement must be taken cum
throw more light on what is happening.
throw out sparks of hell fire, the brows were wrinkled as though the
thrown in the water.  Friend Arthur, if you had met that kiss which
thrown out all our calculations as to Lucy being properly watched.
thrust last night's "Westminster Gazette" into my hand.
thud!' to my heart, till it send back the blood from my cheek.  My
thunderstruck, for such a thing as a patient getting of his own accord
ticket for home.  Seeing from his violent demeanour that he was
tide.  Anyone who has when tired, and tied as it were to his post,
tiger does the village from which he has been hunted?"
tiger.  He is immensely strong, for he was more like a wild beast than
tight that he hurt me, and he said under his breath, "My God!"
tightened their reins and drew up.  The leader turned to them and gave
till I return," and left the room.  He came back with a handful of
till death, a steadfastness as noble as that of the young
till he laughed again, and laughed and cried together, just as a woman
till it seemed as if it became concentrated into a sort of pillar of
till it was almost as light as day.  In the soft light the distant
till later in the day.  We now know of twenty-one boxes having been
till the narration was all done, and matters had been brought up to
till the time comes."
till we return.
time I watched whilst Van Helsing recruited himself and rested.
time and managed to undress her without waking her, and got her back to
time as before for reduction.
time at Harker.  The poor fellow is overwhelmed in a misery that is
time come, you will kill me."
time has come.  When I got home last night Mina had supper ready, and
time in examining the chests.  With the tools which we had brought
time infallibly have wrecked her."
time is coming for action.  Today this Vampire is limit to the powers
time seemed interminable as we swept on our way, now in almost
time some deadly fear.  I felt in my heart a wicked, burning desire
time their eyes never on the page, and all of us with the bowed head.
time was passing fast, and for many other reasons, I wished to get her
time we may succeed.  Our enemy is at his most helpless.  And if we
time!" he said.  "But do you know that, although I have kept the diary
time, and for centuries after, he was spoken of as the cleverest and
time, but that was the beer."
time, just as he have done before!  Oh, my dear, I see that your eyes
time, my skill, my sleep.  I let my other sufferers want that she may
time, which you 'as a bagful.'
time.  And two days ago, when the mornin' sun came through the fog, we
time.  For a good while we sat and smoked, discussing the matter in
time.  For if he escape not at night we shall come on him in daytime,
time.  Poor old fellow!  I fear that the strain of the past week has
time.  There must be no chance lost, and in Varna we must be ready to
times anyhow, I resolved to use my power.  Ay, and He felt it too, for
times before he can hither come, be he never so quick.  What we must
times possibly some fair lady sat to pen, with much thought and many
times vanish and come unknown.  How then are we to begin our strike to
times.  We Transylvanian nobles love not to think that our bones may
tinged with the sunburst at the far edge, hang over the gray sea, into
tiniest crack and has stood before me in all her size and splendour."
tinkling of glass when struck, which rang through the brains even of
tiny wounds seem not to have healed.  They are still open, and, if
tissue which can protect from evil that which it would otherwise harm
to God for all His goodness to me in sending to me such a
to God."
to Madam Mina.  I shall write so soon as ever I can."
to Mr. Hawkins, from whom I have heard.  Oh, I do hope he is not ill.
to Mulgrave Woods, Robin Hood's Bay, Rig Mill, Runswick, Staithes,
to Switzerland and lock up his house, some burglar come and broke
to a builder, and he sell him that house, making an agreement that he
to a good end.  I write all these things in the diary since my darling
to a new land where life of man teems till they are like the multitude
to a sweet fascination, when there came through the snow-stilled
to adduce, and whether or not the man himself committed the
to all our work show and our plans unfold.  Friend John, you come with
to and fro, so that the cords with which he was tied had cut the
to ask him more, but Harker just then came in, and he held up a
to assail me.  Was this desolation but another link in the chain of
to assist me to alight.  Again I could not but notice his prodigious
to attract as little attention as possible.  The minutes seemed to
to bathe everything in a beautiful rosy glow.  We were silent for a
to be a little impatient at finding the door shut, and went back to bed
to be done, and other places to be made sanctify, so that that nest of
to be done, is God's will.  Therefore, I on my part, give up here the
to be required, and where was displayed a dilapidated notice that the
to bear compared with truth like this.  Oh, my friend, why, think
to bed I found a lethargy creeping over me.  I lay a while, but could
to bed at all.  He went to and fro, as if patroling the house, and was
to bed, and many such details.  But these things are no proof, for
to beg the Superior to let our wedding be this afternoon, and am
to buy an envelope and a sheet of paper, and to keep the change.  When
to call it breakfast or dinner, for it was between five and six
to carry out the order.
to carry tales, we go ahead of scandal.  But I daresay that fear of
to clear the air space around us so that we could see afar off.  We
to climb the horizon life was to me again.  At the first
to cling to Him, He raised me up and flung me down.  There was a red
to come back to poor Lucy's cheeks, and through Arthur's growing
to come in and sleep with me, so she came into bed, and lay
to come, for it seemed to me that our only chance was to try to break
to dawn upon me that the air was heavy, and dank, and cold.  I put
to deal with, and as yet we did not know whether the Count might not
to describe the expression of hate and baffled malignity, of anger and
to die in such a case, when there is hope before us and a bitter task
to do our duty in a very sad and terrible case, we can only do as we
to do so was repulsive to me, and much as I would have liked to please
to each other, met each a grave and troubled glance.  We said nothing
to endure in seeing so much beauty that he so loves so much distort.
to excite his attention.
to explain all, and if it explain not, then it says there is nothing
to explain.  But yet we see around us every day the growth of new
to fightin' or even to providin' for hisself, and more like he's
to find the keeper of the section of the Zoological Gardens in which
to flicker in her eyelids.  At last, however, the narcotic began to
to follow the Professor's example, and think without prejudice on the
to further exertions.  Then through the darkness I could see a sort of
to get on higher lands where they can see a good stretch of river and
to go on to Bukovina.  You cannot deceive me, my friend.  I know too
to go to rest also, but he refused at first.  It was only when I told
to grow as to his brain.  For it all prove to him how right he was at
to have become as much in love with the spot as I am, and it is hard to
to have so trim a lass sittin' on his lap.  That won't hurt ye.  Why,
to have the matter out.
to hear far away the muffled roar that marks the life of a great
to hear such a word.  I would not hear it of you.  And I shall not
to help and cheer him.  He was going to tell me how unhappy he would
to help her.  You can do more than any that live, and your courage is
to help him, so I suppose he isn't above trying to use a respectable
to her husband's arm, and held it tight as though her clinging could
to her of her trance!  She knows it not, and it would overwhelm her
to her own bed.  As she lay there in my arms, and I in hers
to her, does her good.
to her.  It was certainly odd that whenever she got into that
to him alone I can look for safety, even though this be only whilst I
to him which he would not have brooked.  He would have taken or
to him, and implored him to make my husband well again.  He took my
to him, if so that he returns."
to himself, and now how proud I am to see my Jonathan rising to the
to his call, just as from his castle top he summon the wolves to your
to his own place.
to his room, and within a minute Lord Godalming, Dr. Seward, and Mr.
to his visit, and suavely said,
to indicate than to show something directly.  I cannot quite
to keep awake.  I have grown quite fond of the garlic, and a boxful
to keep silence, stepped to the door and opened it.  The boy handed in
to know what she had told.  The Professor repeated the conversation,
to laugh at in all that.  Why, your expression makes it a harder
to learn . . .
to locality.  As we went further, we met fewer and fewer people, till
to loose the band.  Just over the external jugular vein there were two
to make life happy, good women, whose lives and whose truths may make
to make steaming, even in the dark, easy enough.  Lord Godalming tells
to make up my mind about it.  In the meantime I must find out all I
to makin' light of it, so that I'd cheer up my own heart a bit.  But,
to me as though I had not been in the room at all.  Thus departed for
to me if there were anything odd about him during the day.
to me neither chick nor child.  All are gone, and in my
to me to draw back.  We resumed our places, and Dr. Van Helsing went
to me to have slept so long, and let him watch all night, but he was
to me, and we went gently out of the room.  The instant we had closed
to me, for I remember no more.  Jonathan coming in had not waked me,
to me?"  She looked again questioningly, but this time avoided her
to meet again, and after making our conclusions known to one another,
to meet an unknown man.  But everyone seemed so kind-hearted, and so
to meet my host's wishes in every way.  I was not sleepy, as the long
to my heart, for its spirit is that which rules our boyars, 'Welcome
to my left, where I imagined, from the order of the rooms, that the
to my own room.  The last I saw of Count Dracula was his kissing his
to my wrist, so perhaps I shall not be again disturbed.  Lucy is
to myself, "she cannot be far, as she is only in her nightdress."
to oblige his lordship.  We once carried out a small matter of renting
to overpower her, and she drooped and would have sunk down but for her
to pass.
to peril even our own souls for the safety of one we love.  For the
to play with, and to bring them back to happiness, and to those that
to poor Miss Lucy, and some of them speak of you, so I know you since
to prepare.  We must think.  Now let us organize.  You, friend Arthur,
to profit or loss.
to prove it.  Dare you come with me?"
to pull up the blind.  I did so, and the day seemed just upon us.  A
to recognize that our game was up.  With heavy hearts we agreed with
to recuperate.  Tomorrow we shall have much to do, but for the tonight
to report to me, and I shall advise you, for of course I was not
to restore things to the condition in which we left them the night
to say or do, as they were ignorant of the amount of my knowledge.  So
to see if I could make out any cause for his anger, since
to see the snow falling in such heavy flakes close to us, and beyond,
to see us all around her.
to see you so pale, and what he like not where he love, is not to his
to shock and thrill me, for it was said as if he did not know that it
to show me a livid white face bending over me out of the mist.
to show that whatever animal inflicts them has a system or method
to sit down on his silk hat, which men don't generally do when they
to sleep, and something weaker when she woke from it.  The Professor
to sleep, but with an effort seemed to pull herself together and shook
to sleep.  For there is tomorrow to think of, and there is no rest for
to start at a moment's notice.  Dr. Seward and Mr. Morris have half a
to start for Poplar.  It was twelve o'clock before I got any
to stay with us here.  The strong air would soon restore Jonathan.
to talk about in common.
to tell him that I was satisfied as to his sanity, and would see about
to that room, aye, and going a second time, is not one to
to the Danube mouth.  To sail a ship takes time, go she never so
to the Heath, and when we heard a policeman coming, would leave it
to the Professor's imperative questioning.  When she woke from the
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
to the ashy cheeks, and the regular breathing of healthy sleep.  This
to the former, there was a great precipice.  The castle was built on
to the house.
to the house.  I feel there is something ominous in his calm, and
to the old, like me, who have known so many sorrows and the causes
to the other houses.
to the pier and along by the fish-market to the bridge, which was the
to the purchase of the house were with the transcript.  Oh, if we had
to the tall, curly-haired man, I suppose it was the one who
to the wall in the padded room.
to their gals.  I don't so much mind the fust, the 'ittin of the
to think it, and indeed it would be almost as great a marvel as the
to think of it, and I cannot understand, but at least I shall go with
to think of what is done.  Renfield had become, to all intents, as
to think out the proper conclusions.  Tomorrow, at breakfast, we are
to think that the journey will be an easy one.  Dr. Van Helsing is
to this work, and we go alone."
to those of what was known to the writers of headlines as
to town for a day or two to see you, dear, but I dare not
to us all, for I noticed that the others kept looking over their
to us, since it assured us that we should not have to dread hostile
to vibrate in the air, calmed us all.
to visiting the churchyard till I came, and if she hadn't come there
to wait and to go slow.  Festina lente may well be his motto."
to wait to get our permit to pass, we never were within hail o'
to wake her mother, who has been more than usually ill lately, so threw
to what he attributed them, and he replied that it must have been a
to whether or not that employer has a good conscience or a bad one.
to which he replied, "Well, guv'nor, I forgits the number, but it was
to whom I was speaking.  So to make sure, I said interrogatively,
to you in pain or in joy.  By the day, or the night, in safety or in
to you to make it a happy memory of my husband's life that it was his
to you, sir, for coming."
to you."
to your house, friend John.  You must meet her at the station.
to, to accept these as proofs of so wild a story.  Van Helsing summed
to.  They lifted off the body of my dear mother, and laid her,
today produced at the inquest.  And a more strange narrative than
today we meet, I must tell her that for reason which we will not to
today.  Is not that so?"
together an' trying' to drag their tombsteans with them to prove how
together in case of attack, for we knew we had a strong and wily enemy
together in freedom, for perhaps the last time!  I know that you will
together like those of a wild beast.  With a wrench, which threw his
together when we meet."  He then made ready for his departure and
together.  But we call him Quincey.
together.  He was some little time away, and I began to look at some
together.  Then her eyes closed, and she breathed heavily.
toilet.  I trust you will find all you wish.  When you are ready, come
told Mrs. Westenra that Dr. Van Helsing had directed that I should sit
told her of our decision.
told him of her sleep-walking adventure on the cliff, and that I knew
told him that much, and then he stood up, and he looked very strong
told him where I was off to, promising to come back and tell the rest
told him, and the effect was as I expected.
told me that he had made two journeys between Carfax and a house in
told me to.  I didn't feel sleepy, and I did feel full of devouring
told the Professor he shouted in glee like a schoolboy, and after
told the messenger to say that I would attend to his wishes in the
told us that when he and Dr. Van Helsing had gone down to the room
told you my news, let me ask yours.  When are you to be
tomb I looked well at Arthur, for I feared the proximity to a place
tomb for centuries, that grow not yet to our stature, and that do only
tomb fretted with age and heavy with the dust of centuries,
tomb itself was hidden by trees, and I could not see where the figure
tomb that he think poor Miss Lucy, being as he thought like him, keep
tomb, I fancy that the same idea seemed to strike the others, for with
tomb, and cowered back.  Further and further back he cowered, as we,
tomb.  The Professor and I sawed the top off the stake, leaving the
tombs, and I stumbled over graves.  The sky was overcast, and
tombstones, thruffsteans or through-stones, as they call them in
tomorrow I shall keep dark over tonight's doings, and shall refuse to
tomorrow night he shall be well.  We shall leave him where the police
tomorrow you will, please God, have passed them, and have drunk of the
tomorrow, two o'clock, so as not to arouse any suspicion in Mrs.
tompstean balanced on his hump, and asks to be took as evidence!"
tone which did not surprise me at the time, but only when I thought of
tone,
tone, I thought it was "An hour less than the time."  Then turning to
tones some passionate entreaty on his part.  Then there was the sound
tongue through books.  To you, my friend, I look that I know it to
tongue, which is, however, not disagreeable.
tongues, and tell him that if he like he can come and see where it
tonight, God knows, without the dread of his harming you.  You must
tonight, and I want to sleep.  Mina is fast asleep, and looks a little
tonight, but for Arthur I must not.  He will be free after his
tonight, hoping for sleep, and lying like Ophelia in the play, with
tonight.  As for this little one, he is not much harmed, and by
tonight.  I am too miserable, too low spirited, too sick of the world
tonight.  I shall try it.  Oh!  For a dreamless sleep.
tonight?"
too agitated to sleep.  We have had such an adventure, such an
too excited, and the time seemed ridiculously short till I found
too late!"
too late."
too lonely whilst I worked.  How good and thoughtful he is.  The world
too much, and that I must not live, lest I be dangerous to him.  My
too pale.  Her eyes look as though she had been crying.  Poor dear,
too prejudiced.  You do not let your eyes see nor your ears hear, and
too soon, we should thus be still ahead of him in our work of
too, and as I noticed some queer chill came over me.  The wounds on
too, and then a glad strange light broke over his face and dispelled
too, make such a promise, oh, my wife?"
too.
too.  The four of us ranged in a line before the door of the tomb.  Van
took and ate them raw!"
took hands as we sat, and she told me all over again about Arthur and
took his wife's hand, and said that it was the dearest thing in all
took ill, and Quincey is more like his own bright self than he has
took it that it was with a purpose, I said nothing.
took it, that somewhere about the 47th degree, north latitude, would
took me by the hand and drew me in.
took my hand in his, and said ever so sweetly . . .
took my hand, "would come to him to keep him company, and would be as
took my hands in one of his, holding them tight, and with the other
took one of them by the shoulder and was like to throw 'im down the
took our way towards the east whence I knew Jonathan was coming.  We
took out a turnscrew.
took the typewritten copy from my work basket and handed it to him.
took them before we knew that all was yours, so that no strange hand
toom as old Dun's 'baccabox on Friday night."
top of steep hills such as we see in old missals; sometimes we ran by
tops.
tortoise lives more long than generations of men, why the elephant
torture of suspense regarding the woman he loved, and his utter
tossed on a stormy sea.  I had to hold on.  The road grew more level,
touched her.  What happened was this.  Two nights ago my friend Seward
touched his hat, took his bag, put on his coat and departed.  Not a
touched me, I could not repress a shudder.  It may have been that his
touched one of the canine teeth and that below it, "the little
touched some chord in his memory.  If this new phase was spontaneous,
touched than I can say by your grief.  That is a wonderful machine,
touching their living brethren with the clammy hands of death, and
touching.  Every boat in the harbour seemed to be there, and the coffin
toward the hall.
towards the castle, and were lost.
towards the coffin.  When we did, however, a murmur of startled
towards the vault, where I might find the new entrance, but at the
town, for his father is not very well, and I think dear Lucy is
trace nothing as it looked into the moonlight sky, except a big bat,
traced up in this direction.  For a week after, the children were
track the very last of them.  Today then, is ours, and in it rests our
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
tradition and superstition, are everything.  Does not the belief in
tragedy, with fate pressing on relentlessly to some destined end.
trail.  We only know that the box is somewhere on the water,
train we could see the front of the asylum.  I looked eagerly, and in
trance I heard cows low and water swirling level with my
trance could he best come to take more blood.  In trance she dies, and
trance hitherto she has confined herself to the simplest of facts.  If
trance, she was cold, and exhausted, and languid, but her mind was all
transcript of the various diaries and letters which Harker had not yet
transfused to his Lucy's veins.  I could see Van Helsing's face grow
transfusion.  I had taken off my coat and rolled up my shirt sleeve.
travelling here, and slung over his shoulder the terrible bag which I
tread on air.  But you must not falter when once you have begun.  Only
treat of.'
trees or hills I know not, for it is so far off that big things and
trees, and struck a match, and looked at the child's throat.  It was
tremble.
trembled a little, and clung to me.  When I told her to come at once
trembling under the shock of the footsteps of the storm.
trial, but after, when you look back, you will see how it was
trickled down the man's bare chest which was shown by his torn-open
tried to get him to talk of the incident, but he blandly asked me
tried to invade, and thence, without losing purpose, prepared himself
tried to keep an open mind, and it is not the ordinary things of life
tried to lead him to talk of his pets, a theme which had never failed
tried to walk in meekness and righteousness all my days.  God pity
tripped into the room, bright and happy looking and, in the doing of
trituration.  It at once occurred to me that that this wound, or
triumph.  He was looking intently at the face of the dead woman,
triumphant he found but little, for whatever there was had been
trouble and trial that our faith is tested.  That we must keep on
trouble, and then I try to put her to hypnotic sleep.  But
trouble.  Didn't I say it all along?  Here's his head all
trouble.  She will be dreaming of this tonight, I am sure.  The whole
trouble."  Her husband involuntarily groaned as she turned to him and
troubled, she opened up the subject my poor dear raved about, added,
troubles in the midst of your own happiness, but Lucy dear, I
troubles, that may be more great than you can know.  May it be
troubles.  And yet when King Laugh come, he make them all dance to the
trousers, white linen shirts, and enormous heavy leather belts, nearly
true gentleman.  I burst into tears, I am afraid, my dear, you will
true to each other.  We men pledged ourselves to raise the veil of
true!  I will pledge my life on it.  It may be worse for
true, true friends, I want you to bear something in mind through all
trust of my owners were better in my hands than in the river Danube.
trust or no trust, without my friend trust in me, I work with heavy
trust you.  I know and believe you have a very noble heart, and you
trust, so altogether I had a dreary, miserable time.
trusting, and that God will aid us up to the end.  The end!  Oh my
try if I could find by chance an entry anywhere.
try them.  See I read here what Jonathan have written.
try to cheer him up, and my belief in him helps him to have a
try too hard lest I harm her.  For I know that she have suffer
try, till all at once I find her and myself in dark, so I
try?"
trying.  I am longing to be with you, and by the sea, where we can
tucked her into bed.  Before falling asleep she asked, even implored,
tune he play.  Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and
turned and said gravely.  So gravely that I could not help feeling
turned down, came only like a tiny red spark through the fog, which
turned to look back over the belt of trees, to where the dogs were
turning to me, said,
turns out that the schooner is Russian from Varna, and is called the
twilight.  I took out the horses and fed them in what shelter I
twined their arms and pointed to her, and said in those so
twisted in wild contortions.  The sharp white teeth champed together till
twittering and moaning all around you.  You've got their lives, you
two loving hearts alone with their God.
two men to ride and lead their spare horses, four in all, so as not to
two of them by a feeble madman.  They said that if it had
two or three times before she awoke.  Indeed, she was so sound asleep
two things occurred.  If his back was broke, he couldn't beat his
typewrite from the beginning of the seventeenth cylinder.  I used
typewriter, and we took the Underground to Fenchurch Street, after I
typewriting on the table.  His eyes caught the look in mine, and
typewritten copy of it, as also of Mrs. Harker's diary at Whitby.
typewritten matter.  "When our sane and learned lunatic made that very
typified the soul as a butterfly!"
unable to speak with any one, as a man must speak in his time of
unattended.  Quincey Morris said nothing about his intention, but I
uncaring for the dust, composed myself for sleep.  I suppose I must
unclad in a churchyard at night, she did not lose her grace.  She
unclean.
uncommunicative in equal proportion.  Having once told me that the
unconcern.
unconscious cerebration, you will have to give the wall to your
unconscious simplicity, in a different voice, and with the naivete of
unconsciously, motioned me to precede him.  There was a delicious
under a furze bush at the Shooter's Hill side of Hampstead
under a sort of protest.  I woke with the dawn, and heard the birds
under his bushy brows that I knew of old.  Then he began to
under his caresses they became quite manageable again, though they
under pressure.  I tried it harder, and found that it was not really
under the lashes.  The girl went on her knees, and bent over me,
under the shadow of your beautiful cathedral at Exeter, which is far
under water, rushed into the harbour, able, by the guidance of the
undergarment with a long double apron, front, and back, of coloured
undergoing some process of mental disturbance, and knowing how his
underlip, I understood as well as if he had spoken that I should be
underneath were bloated.  It seemed as if the whole awful creature
understand Lucy's fading away as she is doing.  She eats well and
understand his dialect.  I knew it had something to do with the
understand it so.  For me, I make sure that nothing here may be of use
understand it, but she is not.  She is in gay spirits and full of life
understand it.
understand out of my experience in Transylvania.  And that, as it was,
understand that sunrise and sunset are to her times of peculiar
understand the man.  He has certain qualities very largely developed,
understand too well.  There have been from the loins of this very one
understand, but with the sternest look that his face could wear.
understand.  But the time will come when your trust shall be whole and
understand.  You think then that those so small holes in the
understanding.  Quincey raised his eyebrows slightly and looked at her
understood him to mean if we were to take advantage of their coming to
undertake that if you will satisfy even me, a stranger, without
undertaker, true to his craft, had made the best display he could of
undone.  But it is over!  And the poor souls, I can pity them now
undone.  We must begin again.  There is no young Arthur here now.  I
uneasiness, and even when we returned to the chapel they frisked about
uneasy in her sleep, moaning and sighing occasionally.  At last, as
unexpected prosperity does for us, so it may be as well to freshen it
unhook the great chains.  But the door was locked, and the key was
united with his canniness played the Count's game for him, and he
universal crossing of themselves, a caleche, with four horses, drove
universally that the captain is simply a hero, and he is to be
universe.  "God!  God!  God!" he said.  "What have we done, what has
unknowing ever of what has been.  But of the most blessed of all, when
unknown ways.  Into a whole world of dark and dreadful things.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
unless they are watched.
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
unmoved.  He was now more sure than ever of his ground, and so
unmoving.
unpleasantness, for as we were opening the door a faint, malodorous
unselfish a soul, and impulsively I bent over and kissed him.  The
unselfish cause to make me work, that would be indeed happiness.
unselfish, and spring from the highest sense of duty.
until it be too late.  But it may be that he will not attempt the
until just before dawn, and that then he began to get uneasy, and at
until the intervening headstones and trees hid it from my sight.
untrembling arm rose and fell, driving deeper and deeper the
unutterably mean looking when the sunshine streamed in.  Van Helsing
unwonted drain to the head.  The reaction came in excessive pallor as
up Geordie."
up again with an exercise anyhow.
up all the trains to and from Exeter, so that I may help Jonathan in
up and then sat down again, and the tears rained down his cheeks.  I
up at our window, and saw Lucy's head leaning out.  I opened my
up behind us, overtook us, and drew up beside the coach.  I could see
up blindfold at Galatz.  That the Count's arrangements were well
up by five o'clock, we must start off.  For it won't do to leave Mrs.
up had I tried.  So, on her renewing her promise to call me if she
up in batches, and then the totals added in batches again, as though
up in the evening to measure for the coffin and to make arrangements.
up the letters on the table and stamped them carefully, and then
up the paved road below.  The band on the pier is playing a harsh
up to now.  The attendant tells me that his screams whilst in the
up to the moment.  I feel so grateful to the man who invented the
up to time.  The carriage ordered from the hotel was waiting.  The
up under Quincey's match, we saw nothing but a faint vapour.  This, as
up unexpected, as before, no word to him.  It would at once frighten
up with columns of small figures.)
up with her, she almost pooh-poohed the idea, pointing out her
up with his face sternly set.
up, for almost before he looked at the patient, he whispered to me,
up, whatever it is.  But, Lor' bless you, in real life a wolf is
up.  Then, amongst a chorus of screams from the peasants and a
upon her mother's bosom, and her throat was bare, showing the two
upon me, and with it the obstinacy which sleep brings as outrider.  The
upon me.  I must tell you of my wedding present.  When the chaplain
upon me.  What sort of place had I come to, and among what kind of
upon my throat!"  Her husband groaned again.  She clasped his hand
upon ourselves to examine papers, etc.  He insisted upon looking over
uprights which had supported it still remaining.  Behind the rails of
urged, that the Count might appear in Piccadilly during the day, and
us all up somewhat.  It was, perhaps, the mere animal heat of food to
us all, and that he has escaped us with so many hours to him, then his
us be able to tell them when they come."
us be friends for all our lives."
us friends nothing ever will.  Thank you for your sweet honesty to
us go.  You return home for tonight to your asylum, and see that all
us have already read everything, so when we meet in the study we shall
us that a big boat passed them, going at more than usual speed as she
us to believe things which we know to be untrue.'  For one, I follow
us to do, but especially addressing himself to Arthur, as if all our
us to go in the morning.  Do you, friend Jonathan, go to the agent of
us to join forces.  If so they can mount our whole party.  One of the
us turned away their eyes that ran tears silently.  Then Van Helsing
us using so vulgar an expression.  Beyond this we know nothing
us who has a better right?  Will it be no joy to think of hereafter in
us who heard the words addressed to another.
us, "Quincey's head is level.  This burglary business is getting
us, please come to breakfast at eight o'clock, if this be not too
us.
us.  A personal experience has intensified rather than diminished
us.  But at others, as the hollow sounding wind swept by us, it seemed
us.  It was then time to start.  So I said farewell to Mina, a parting
us.  When it was over, Van Helsing stood up and said, "Now, my dear
us."
use making my ideas known to the Count.  He knows well that I am
use our various armaments, the spiritual in the left hand, the mortal
use them in the night, or at such time as he can change his form, they
use, and was to keep the record as she had done before.  She was
used half his food in attracting more flies from outside to his room.
used in connection with so grim an interest.
used my knowledge for his ends."
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
used to sit, and I would try to tell you what I feel.  I do not know
useless.  With such allies as these at his command, I could do
using the words 'PALL MALL GAZETTE' as a sort of talisman, I managed
usual.
usual.  I hope the meeting tonight has not upset her.  I am truly
usually wheel about, but this one seemed to go straight on, as if it
v-voices . . . f-fail m-me!
vain!  See!  The snow is not more stainless than her forehead!  The
valley is beautifully green, and it is so steep that when you are on
valley the howling of many wolves.  The Count's eyes gleamed, and he
vampire meant many.  Just as their hideous bodies could only rest in
vampire when she was in a trance, sleep-walking, oh, you start.  You
vampire's ultimate triumph?  Stay.  He is himself zoophagous, and in
vampires had got at her in the night, and what with his gorge and the
vampires rest for others, though not, alas! for us, on them?  A year
vanished.  He is only a wreck of himself, and he does not remember
vanity sees no difference between an eagle and a sparrow.  Oh, if men
various bodies began to converge close upon us.  The wind came now
vast expanse, inaccessible though it was to me, as compared with the
vastness, the clouds are piled up like giant rocks, and there is a
vaulted door into the dark passage beyond, I looked too, and for an
vein left open, there wasn't enough blood in her to let her stand up,
veins for her?"
veins to think of what had occurred with poor Lucy when the Count had
velvety blackness.  The mere beauty seemed to cheer me.  There was
vendor of a certain nostrum has vulgarized the truism to the very
very big fellows in a box.  He keeps feeding them his flies, and the
very careful, however, not to awake his suspicion.
very clumsy about the waist.  They had all full white sleeves of some
very dear to me.  It was my privilege to be your friend and guide
very dear to me."
very end, may give you a gleam of peace.  Come, there is dinner.  We
very few minutes the lately glassy sea was like a roaring and
very happy.  Jonathan woke a little after the hour, and all was
very heart and soul at my feet.  He looked so earnest over it that I
very instant the shore was touched, an immense dog sprang up on deck
very much of the beliefs are justified by what we have seen in our own
very much.
very simple way, and shall have to try to make both ends meet.
very soul.  Into two of these I went, but saw nothing except fragments
very superstitious.  In the first house where we stopped, when the
very thoughtfully took a chair, with his back to me, so that I might
very wholesome, that it was life, strong life, and gave life to him.
very, very close to me.  I seem to feel his presence warm about me.  I
very, very great favour.  And as he spoke, he fawned on me like a dog.
very, very happy one.
victim back upon the bed as though hurled from a height, he turned and
victim.  And oh, my God, my God, pity me!  He placed his reeking lips
victorious Magyars, and to us for centuries was trusted the guarding
view, and as the edge of a narrow band of light as sharp as a sword-cut
views of it from various points.  The house had been added to, but in
vigour.
violent effort at the earliest instant she could do so.
violent.  Then one night, just as the moon rose, he grew quiet, and
vipers be obliterated."
virtues to blessings, and the kindliest and truest heart that beats,
vivisection, and yet look at its results today!  Why not advance
voice and bearing, "A kitten, a nice, little, sleek playful kitten,
voice and eyes.  "You must not shrink.  You are nearest and dearest
voice as he opened two letters, "The Szgany has given me these, of
voice which, though low and almost in a whisper seemed to cut through
voice, but he good fellow all the same.  And when Quincey give him
voice.  At the same time there was despair in his eyes, for the risen
voices which seemed so close to me, the harsh sounds that came from I
voluntarily, as though he were bringing all his faculties to bear.
voluptuous beauty that I shudder as though I have come to
voluptuous smile.  Oh, God, how it made me shudder to see it!  With a
voluptuous voice, such as I had never heard from her lips, "Arthur!
vote we have a look at his house right now.  Time is everything with
wafer up fine and worked it into the mass between his hands.  This he
wailed out.
wait a minute till I tidy up the place."
wait till tonight.
waited I heard in the distance a gipsy song sung by merry voices
waited patiently as we saw the workman come out and bring his bag.
waited, and saw something white come through the trees.  The next day
waiter, and he said it was called "paprika hendl," and that, as it was
waiting for him.
waiting for us, and in it, though he had an attack of gout, Mr.
waiting her reply . . ."
waiting us, with an appearance of cheerfulness which did honour to her
wake her I could not.
wake her, but that when I should return from this new search, I would
wake her, we went to her room to see for ourselves.  She was breathing
wake, leaving us alone.
wakened and fall over with a despairing cry that echoes all over the
waking thoughts become merged in, or continued in, dreams.
walk.  Lucy, after a while, was in gay spirits, owing, I think, to some
walked over to Lucy's coffin, and I followed.  He bent over and again
walking into my room.  He was more jolly and cheerful than usual, and
wall farther than I have yet attempted.  I shall take some of the gold
wall of the churchyard, which we climbed over.  With some little
wall stretching out into the sea, with a curve outwards at the end of
wall, dropped down on the other side.  I could see Renfield's figure
wall, lizard fashion, I wished I had a gun or some lethal weapon, that
wall.
wall.  It is a most noble ruin, of immense size, and full of beautiful
waltz in good time, and further along the quay there is a Salvation
want her not.
want her, and save all this trouble?  But this is heresy,
want me for nothing."
want to die if I can help it.  My time must be nigh at hand now, for I
want ye to remember that when I'm gone.  We aud folks that be daffled,
want.  I wouldn't ask such a thing ordinarily, I wouldn't so dishonour
wanted done.  The workman took off his coat leisurely and hung it on
wanted to be with me.  But then the boat service would, most likely,
wanted to say, but felt some hesitancy about broaching the subject.
wanted to tell each other of what had occurred to each during the day.
wanted to, just as he had wanted all along.  Then he began promising
war which was always really at loading point.
ware'us," I at once drove to it.  An interview with a surly gatekeeper
warlike days are over.  Blood is too precious a thing in these days of
warlike time he was celebrate that he have more iron nerve, more
warm grey of quickening sky.  So I pulled the curtains again, and have
warning hand over my mouth, and now she whispered in my ear, "Hush!
warning hand, seen by us as he stood behind a yew tree, kept us back.
warning hand.  "No!" he said.  "Today you must operate.  I shall
warning hand.  We must try tonight at sunset to make her speak more
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
was 'im as they was hirritated at.  He 'ad white kid gloves on 'is
was 'ittin' me over the 'ead.  But the 'arf-quid made that all
was Jonathan, and he was my husband, and we didn't know anybody who
was a bitter blow to him.  With me he was warm as ever, and to Van
was a dark, tunnel-like passage, through which came a deathly, sickly
was a depressed fracture of the skull, extending right up through the
was a great heap of gold in one corner, gold of all kinds, Roman, and
was a hot day for autumn, and there was a comfortable seat in a shady
was a little pause, and then the Professor went on.
was a man of much thankfulness, but see, his wife have all the good
was a poor girl putting aside the terrors which she naturally had of
was a smart enough fellow, though rough of speech and bearing.  When I
was about to make another homicidal attack.  My fears, however, were
was all over, we were standing beside Arthur, who, poor fellow, was
was beginning to increase that vague feeling of uneasiness which I
was brought back to reality.  Even now, when I am gravely revolving
was carried by captains all the way from Tate Hill Pier up to the
was dark, so I could not see Lucy's bed.  I stole across and felt for
was dipping into his bag, and producing the instruments of
was directly addressed to Lord Godalming.
was emphasized by the fact that the snowy mountain-top still held the
was engaged on important business, she asked again:
was even better than on the previous morning.  All her old gaiety of
was evident that they were bent on finishing their task before the sun
was evidently a-callin' a dog somewheres out back of the gardings in
was filled with agitation, however, when I bent down and slid feet
was finally agreed that before starting for Piccadilly we should
was given in simple good faith, with a kindly word, and a blessing,
was half reclining, she made the rest of us bring chairs up close.
was holding towards him the envelope which contained the Sacred Wafer.
was hup, the wolves here all began a-'owling.  There warn't nothing
was in bed he came and himself fixed the wreath of garlic round her
was in doubt.  I must not call you 'Mr.' and I have grown to love you,
was in such an excited state that she seemed to have lost her grip of
was in the Crescent, and there was not a soul in sight.  I ran along
was indeed in prison, and I seemed to want a breath of fresh air,
was interested in everything, and asked me a myriad questions about
was less than an hour that we waited in that rocky shelter before the
was like a solemn pledge between us.
was made of everything.
was me, Mina, to whom he was speaking.  "It is the man himself!"
was nearly done, and that I should start for home within a few days,
was new to me.  Raising his hand to impose silence, the Professor
was no friend had a closer place in her heart than you.  I don't know
was no reflection of him in the mirror!  The whole room behind me was
was no sign of him.  Van Helsing and I tried to make inquiry at the
was no sign of movement, no pulse, no breath, no beating of the heart.
was not at present in the house, and we proceeded to search for any of
was not intent on further effort, and occupied myself binding up my
was on a river in an open boat, propelled probably either
was open.  Then he pulled me quickly in with him and closed the door.
was quite haughty.  Would not condescend to talk with him at all.
was received and petted like a sort of vulpine prodigal
was rugged, but still we seemed to fly over it with a feverish haste.
was sacred, but that you were grievously anxious about her.  She
was safe.  With a glad heart, I opened the door and ran down the hall.
was screaming away in one of the distant wards, and a low, moaning
was seemingly prepared for such an emergency.  Rushing over to the
was shown in the clear burst of moonlight and by the lamp, which had
was shut, and did not even knock, I got mad with him.  He sneered at
was so full of love and tenderness, "Jonathan dear, and you all my
was so hungry that she would not wait.  I like it not, and I have
was so nice to be able to tell you and to have your sympathy.
was so short that we began to despair.  Van Helsing seemed to throw
was someone else amongst us.  I suppose it was the recollection, so
was soon at their office in Sackville Street.
was spoken by the patient.
was sprawling on his back on the floor.  My wrist bled freely, and
was startled and a little frightened, and cried out, "What
was struggling, and my half-remembered sensibilities were striving to
was such that even the time which had elapsed had not completely
was surrounded, he could speak freely.
was the main object of my search, I must make further examination, or
was the responsible person.  So off I drove to Walworth, and found Mr.
was there of terror in the idea of killing her?
was thrown over my shoulders, and a rug across my knees, and the
was to call me.  After dinner, when we had all gathered round the fire
was unusually fine till the afternoon, when some of the gossips who
was very anxious about him, and I was powerless to act, my feet, and
was very good but thirsty.  (Mem. get recipe for Mina.) I asked the
was very obliging, and offered to do anything in his power.
was very threatening, and the fishermen say that we are in for a
was wakened by Lucy trying to get out.  She seemed, even in her sleep,
was with me at the last Pop.  Someone has evidently been
was work, I went amongst the patients.  I picked out one who has
was, I could see, putting some terrible restraint on himself.  When it
was, I think and believe, not without its reward.  Van Helsing had
was.
was.  If he chooses to lie hidden, he may baffle us for years.  And in
washed by many tides and many storms into the southeast corner of
washed our feet, and had said a prayer of thankfulness together, I
wasn't in my time.  They be all very well for comers and trippers, an'
watch at one side of the churchyard whilst he would watch at the
watch him sleeping, I can do all that is necessary both as to minding
watch in that churchyard.  It pleases me that the UnDead,
watch over my beloved husband.  That whatever may happen, Jonathan may
watch the wide sweep of sea visible to the north and east, called
watch.  I trust your poor father is rallying.  It must be a terrible
watched.  I am well enough to be left alone.
watching, as the ship may now be signalled any moment.
water, and Nature seem to have held sometime her carnival.  Madam
water, and cried silently between long, painful struggles for breath.
water, and the howling of wolves."  She stopped and a shudder ran
water, darkness and favouring winds.  We are evidently in good time,
water.  Since, however, Dr. Van Helsing has been with me, all this bad
water."  Then she woke, bright and radiant and we go on our way
watered."  Here we all moved, but no one said a word.
wave of his hand to the table, and said,
waves and rushing water," though she added that "the waves were very
waves rose in growing fury, each over-topping its fellow, till in a
waving her hand in farewell.  It was with a heavy heart that we sought
waxen face, the high aquiline nose, on which the light fell in a thin
way a counteractant to his grief.  The Professor unlocked the door,
way and time.  Do not fear, and do not rejoice as yet.  For what we
way for me.
way open to get in, we must make one.  Time is all in all to us now."
way out of the churchyard, he carrying the sleeping child.
way that it 'ud be like a fight up on the ice in the old days, when
way with it.  After fumbling about for a bit he tried a second, and
way, come out from anything or into anything, no matter how close it
way.  He was brought from the castle by Szgany, and probably they
way.  I looked down once, so as to make sure that a sudden glimpse of
way.  That horrid thing has the wolves and the rats and his own kind
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
we all looked in and recoiled.
we all looked, Arthur trembling like an aspen, and saw that the corpse
we allow a whole day and night for any delays which may occur to us,
we allow for two days less for the ship's voyage, owing to such
we are all devoted to this cause, and today shall see the end.  The
we are in awful straits.  I fear, as I never feared before.  We can
we are so grateful to those who show it unasked to those we love.  Here
we become like him.  Friend John, this has been a great hour, and it
we began, "The first thing is to see how many of the boxes are left,
we both want to mingle our weeps over the wine cup, and to drink a
we came here in daytime and she lay there.  Did she not, friend John?
we came into the room she opened her eyes, and seeing him, whispered
we can bestow such happiness.  But the young ladies!  He has no wife
we can do nothing here.  And as I think that Varna is not familiar to
we can eat comfortably since he be not in the same land with us."
we can open the door, we need not break house by the window, as before
we could.  The young curate came in, however, and Mrs. Westenra asked
we entered we met Mrs. Westenra coming out of the morning room.  She
we go, and the great spurs of the Carpathians, which at Veresti seemed
we go, by suggestion of Lord Godalming, to your Lloyd's, where are
we got past the Bosphorus the men began to grumble.  Some o' them, the
we got, as some kind of reward for our labours, some real
we had come back to town, and he was having a cup of tea before
we had not some better organized plan of attack, for even at the
we have eyes to notice without prejudge.  Her teeth are sharper, and
we have learned, if it be allowable to argue a particulari, that the
we have to do is to ascertain what water.
we knew with fair accuracy when it would be.  And we knew that before
we know here, and here."  He touched me on the heart and on the
we looked, trailed under the door, which with the recoil from its
we lost, and in many ways the UnDead are strong.  He have always
we made our resolution in time, as with such a feeling as this, our
we may be able to trace them all.  Such will, of course, immensely
we may never meet.  Your letter home has been despatched.  Tomorrow I
we may possibly investigate further.  Now of these two, the
we must do.  But, indeed, indeed we cannot say what we may do.  There
we must then examine every hole and corner and cranny and see if we
we prayed for help and guidance in the terrible task which lay before
we recognized the features of Lucy Westenra.  Lucy Westenra, but yet
we saw to be a fair-haired child.  There was a pause and a sharp
we say 'no,' for what is to be done is not for police or of the
we shall aid you to achieve your wish."
we shall consult.  For so if time be long you may be delayed.  And it
we shall decide on some definite cause of action . . .
we shall for the present say nothing of them.  I shall see that poor
we shall get on all right.  We have all got arms, even for me a large
we should have shocked the 'New Woman' with our appetites.  Men are
we swept along.  It grew colder and colder still, and fine, powdery
we think."
we undertake, and there may be consequence to make the brave shudder.
we went into the next room, where I found an excellent supper ready on
we went, and as the fog didn't let up for five days I joost let the
we were on that night when first we visited our enemy's lair.  Armed
we were safe till morning did we desire it, but the Professor told me
we were to do.  I told her that she was to have all the papers in the
we wound on our serpentine way, to be right before us.
we'd be at one another from daylight to dark, an' tryin' to tie up our
weak.
wealth beyond the dream of avarice, but Jonathan feels it on
wealth which are round me.  The table service is of gold, and so
weary years of mourning over the dead, is not attuned to mirth.  Moreover,
weather influences as we know that the Count can bring to bear, and if
weather.  As I stood, the driver jumped again into his seat and shook
wedding?  Tell me all about it, dear, tell me all about
weeks, suffering from a violent brain fever.  He wishes me to convey
weeping birch, their white stems shining like silver through the
welcome, Mr. Harker, to my house.  Come in, the night air is chill,
well as a doctor.  But this is not altogether for the law.  You knew
well as physical."
well as we could.
well as younger men.  Now let me say that what I would is this.  While
well educated and has exquisite manners, but he found out that it
well equipped, as it will within another hour.  It is not three hours
well guarded.  She sat still all the time, so still as one dead.
well into blue water, and that this had developed persistently
well, we four can set out on our journey."
well.  I took it that the very mystery of the proceeding was in some
went away with the message, and, engrossed with our work, I clean
went back to the room where Lucy now was.  When I came softly in, I
went my love and duty for all the days of my life.  And, my dear,
went on gravely, "You were always a careful student, and your case
went on increasing in size and vivacity, but I did not care that his
went on with his work with, if possible, renewed and more frenzied
went out, never more sweetly or tenderly, but he never mentioned a
went over and tried it, and the door was locked.
went thus afield to seek my agent, whose labours should be only to my
went to him found him lying on his face on the floor, all covered with
went to the grave of the suicide at Whitby, still at other time he can
went up only a few hours before.  Godalming is an amateur fitter
wept openly.  She wept, too, to see that her sweeter counsels had
were a friend and helper of Lucy Westenra."  And I held out my hand.
were all silent.  We could do nothing.  At length she grew more calm
were all so frightened and nervous that I directed them to go to
were beginning to overcome me.  Certain it was that I was
were best.  Nay, were it safe!  But my child . . ."
were both buried today."
were close at hand.  We tried all the rooms as we went along, and in
were coal-black and splendid animals.  They were driven by a tall man,
were far off, but the sound, even though coming muffled through the
were good, and she was full of a happy vivacity, but I could see
were in secret prayer.
were interpreting something.  I have heard her use the same tone when
were it was possible to see a great distance.  And far off, beyond the
were like pole stars, "it is I who wish it.  And it is not for myself.
were like the tiniest grains of dust, and they whirled round and
were living truths.  Every trace of all that had been was blotted
were made up, and though it was a bitter pill for me to swallow, I
were moved by others.  He knew not then but that must be so.  But all
were my own child.  I never thought at the time how strange it all
were only a few feet above ground landed unhurt.
were open, but there was nothing to see in them except old furniture,
were pale, and at the tops extremely pointed.  The chin was broad and
were parted, and she was breathing, not softly as usual with her, but
were proud, that when the Magyar, the Lombard, the Avar, the Bulgar,
were safe within the ring, which she could not leave no more than
were several similar rents in the blanket of dust, similar to that
were simply gorged with blood.  He lay like a filthy leech, exhausted
were slightly parted, and her breast rose and fell with the regularity
were the other night, but lose no time, there is not an instant to
were waiting for work, and the official at once sent them over,
were waiting.
were wild, and wanted me right or wrong to take out the box and fling
what German she knew, and mixed it all up with some other language
what I could to brighten them up, and I suppose that the effort did me
what I know, he would, I think have raised his terms.
what Shakespeare meant when he made Hamlet say, "My tablets!  Quick,
what about the others?  Ho, ho!  Then this so sweet maid is a
what are you to wear, and is it to be a public or private
what comes of it.  Come along, Bersicker."
what had occurred.  I fell asleep on the sofa, however, wondering over
what happened, leaving you to draw, in a measure, your own
what he is talking about better than any one else.  He is a
what he must be suffering now.  He lies on the sofa hardly seeming to
what he would do.  He went straight over to the window and brushed out
what is it?"
what is to be done.  But there are other things to follow, and things
what it was that lay over me on the bed, they screamed out.  The
what may!"
what patience we can, waiting their return, or the coming of the
what poor Lucy died of, not after all the hints given, not only by
what she will say.  And yet there is cause.  There is always cause
what ship sails for the Black Sea and for where.  Some took him to the
what ships leave for the Black Sea last night.  He was in sailing
what sorrows you have had, though I cannot measure the depth of them.
what they consult about in private.  But this is no common matter, and
what they were, but she would only cross herself, and say she would
what to do, the less as the howling of the wolves grew closer.  But
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
what you do nor why you do it.  You tell them not what you think.  So
what you gave, the blood of my veins.  I gave it, I who was not, like
what you intend does not violate either of these two, then I give my
what you will," he said.  "I hope I may always have the title of a
whatever it is, I have done my part.  Is not that so?"
whatever it was, might be the means of that manifest loss of blood.
whatever of him.
whatever.  'Don't you know me?' I asked.  His answer was not
whatever.  Just then, the moonlight crept round an angle of the
whatsoever it may be.  I shall be at hand all the night from
wheel, and all kept fast by the binding cords.  The poor fellow may
wheel.  Between the inner hand and the wood was a crucifix, the set
wheels, the crack of whips, and the chorus of the Szgany as they pass
when I caught sight of the red blotch on Mrs. Harker's forehead that I
when I did not want it.  So, as I feared to be alone, I opened my
when I had forbidden it?  Back, I tell you all!  This man belongs to
when I kem opposite to old Bersicker's cage I see the rails broken
when I rung of the bell he kem an' opened the door 'isself an' 'elped
when I saw the same cart which had passed before coming down the
when I try to think of what it is I feel my head spin round, and I
when King Laugh have pack up his crown, and all that is to him, for he
when a man is so loved and honoured as our host is, everything
when all hope of success was lost, and his existence in danger, he
when and how he will, must at the first make entry only when asked
when any accidental allusion is made she actually shudders.  I am glad
when contrasted with the pale yellow moon.  The other was fair, as
when he arrives in London from Whitby.  In this matter dates are
when he comes.  I have sent a telegram to Jonathan to come on here
when he had done.
when he help him from the diligence too.  He can transform himself to
when he kissed me, and drew me to him with his poor weak hands, it
when he woke up today, asked the nurse if he might go away.  When she
when it would wound, but only to you, my old friend, whom I can trust.
when men believe not even what they see, the doubting of wise men
when setting.  The attendant was struck by his manner, and knowing my
when she came in.  She looked sweetly pretty, but very sad, and her
when she is well.  She shall love you none the less for what you have
when she not UnDead she go back to the nothings of the common dead.
when the Magyars conquered the country in the eleventh century they
when the clock strikes midnight, all the evil things in the world will
when the driver, looking at his watch, said to the others something
when the last o' them rose off the deck wi' his head in his hand, I
when the ship struck, and more than a few of the members of the
when they got here they'd be jommlin' and jostlin' one another that
when we had supped she told me of Van Helsing's visit, and of her
when we want them."
when ye see the tombsteans all run away with, and the place as bare as
when you came from the schoolroom to prepare for the world of life.
whence and how it came.  Her loving kindness against our grim hate.
whenever I caught her eye.  After a long spell she seemed sinking off
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
where I arrived about fifteen minutes before the train came in.
where Jonathan went, from Bistritz over the Borgo, and find our way to
where he come and go by the front or the back at all hours, when in
where he could not fail to find it.  We would then seek our way home
where he dares not raise the lid of his coffin box lest his Slovak
where he might purchase ship forms, he departed.
where his new estate was situated.  The other two were Exeter, and
where it had come from, lest on waking she should be alarmed.  Her
where perchance he might be landed, I will take Madam Mina right into
where some workmen were having their dinner.  One of them suggested
where that might be we would have to discover.  With heavy hearts we
where the clear line of Dracula's castle cut the sky.  For we were so
where the dim light struggled, although to do so was a dread to my
where the headland called Kettleness stretches out into the sea.  It
where the lie comes in.  Why, there be scores of these laybeds that be
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
where we were blinded.  Now we are on the track once again, and this
wherefore the qualities of brutes are in some men, and not in others?
whereon was a dark figure seated alone.  I was quite a little startled
whether she dies conscious or in her sleep.  Wake that poor boy, and
whether the whole of the past days had not been a dream.  It was only
whether to run up north in the open, or to put in here.  Look there
which Arthur, I call him Arthur from her habit, says he loves, and
which I comprehend not, though I guess what they mean.  But
which I could hardly hear, it was spoken so quietly and in so low a
which I did not know at all.  I was just able to follow her by asking
which I did not much heed, though I am myself very fond of animals.
which I got of it from the train and the little I could walk through
which I inscribe here.
which I took in the carriage from Veresti was useful, though the
which Lucy was to wear round her neck.
which are labelled.
which calls some of my sex to love and to protect one of hers,
which came through the fouler air.  But as to the odour itself, how
which can only be made personally.  He is to stop with me then, if he
which carried on the thoughts and grim fancies engendered earlier in
which could pass away.
which had been taken out had been brought this way.  But even in the
which had evidently been used as a graveyard.  The roof was broken,
which has wrought such woe to you and yours.  Be not afraid for Madam
which he has done wrong himself, and you, as his wife to be, have no
which he looked round for the approval of his cronies that he was
which he smiled a sad sort of smile as he replied,
which he treated naturally.  He then, of his own accord, spoke of
which he was examining.  We all followed his movements with our eyes,
which he was officially interested, of so great a tragedy, was an
which is all the way from Haarlem, where my friend Vanderpool raise
which is even a criminal's right and consolation.
which is full of fool-talk."
which is generally indicative of some mental energy on his part.  When
which lay in her pillow, almost whiter than the lawn.  She lay quite
which led to his brain fever."  And here the whole thing seemed to
which made me remember that I was a prisoner, and that if I wished it
which make it in places gloomy, and there is a deep, dark-looking pond
which meant so much.  Without a word he went and locked the door, and
which moved as though there were some living thing within it.  For
which my honour as a gentleman or my faith as a Christian is
which neither of us shall forget to our dying day, and we set out.
which now I know so well.  I was not afraid, but I did wish that
which now sighed softly through the Pass, a wild howling began, which
which pretend to be young, like the fine ladies at the opera.  I
which rise from the end of either pier of Whitby Harbour.
which runs straight out from behind the south lighthouse.  At the end
which seems like emerald amongst it, gray earthy rock, gray clouds,
which subdued the snowy whiteness of his hair, and asked, "And must I,
which the rude falling from the cart had scattered over him.  He was
which the sandpoints stretch like gray figures.  The sea is tumbling
which the view seems somehow further away than it really is.  The
which they have rooms.  This is a lovely place.  The little river, the
which they shun.  Last night there was no exodus, so tonight before
which was flapping its silent and ghostly way to the west.  Bats
which was then sealed up, and we found it as now, empty.  We then
which wrung a groan from Arthur.  When she advanced to him with
which you came last night, there can be but little doubt.  For it was
which you yourself put upon us?  Be wise, and help us, and if we can
which, be sure, she would have approved.  I have them all here.  I
which, though I know not whence they come, I shall, of course, take
while I wondered, the driver suddenly appeared again, and without a
while, and suddenly Lucy murmured as if to herself . . .
while, finding no response, I knocked and rang again, still no
whiles I bring over the table.  Friend John, help to me!"  So neither
whilst Art, after looking at her face for an instant despairingly, ran
whilst I am so absolutely in his power.  And to refuse would be to
whilst he shook with emotion.
whilst he spoke.  His finger and thumb closed on her pulse, as I
whilst her mother's hours are numbering to a close.  I do not
whilst the cortege of boats went up the river to the Viaduct and came
whilst we wait in a farmhouse for the horses to be ready.  Dr. Van
whilst we were speaking the howling of wolves came louder and closer.
whirl and rush of humanity, to share its life, its change, its death,
whisper to me that all is not well.  However, tonight she is more
whisper, "Jack, is she really dead?"
whispered together.  Two were dark, and had high aquiline noses, like
whispered, like a voice that one hears in a dream, so low it was.
whispered.
whispering at my door.  I went to it softly and listened.  Unless my
whispers to me that it may be a week before we can get any food again.
whistle blew, and the train moved off.  This recalled him to himself,
white and purple by turns.  Arthur was saying that he felt since then
white and wan-looking than ever.  Even the lips were white, and the
white figure shone, and bent over it.  What it was, whether man or
white garments of the angel, pretending to read books, and yet all the
white hairs runnin' through it.  He had a 'ard, cold look and red
white line, the parted red lips, with the sharp white teeth showing
white set passion worked convulsively over the bowed head, the hands
white sheet, the edge of which had been blown back by the drought
white waste of snow, I could see the river lying like a black ribbon
white-clad figure of his wife.  By her side stood a tall, thin man,
white.  I would have given a good deal to have been able to see the
whiter.  I knew that there was for the poor beasts no more of
whither duty has led me, so that in your own married life you too
whither it may lead us we know not.  We have been blind somewhat.
who are the descendants of the Dacians; Magyars in the West, and
who cannot die?  We all know, because science has vouched for the
who do not like the whole of their affairs to be known by any one
who for more than half a century has kept watch on weather signs
who has wrought all this misery is the saddest case of all.  Just
who have seen describe as like giant nuts or pods, and that when the
who have then little to think of, shall deem it strange.  But we shall
who saw the wounds on Lucy's throat, and saw the wounds so similar on
who suffer from the heart.  Will you let me be your friend, and will
who will sit up with you."
who would have to go to keep them company."
who, like me, had been startled by her voice, swooped upon him, and
who, when he was beaten back, came again, and again, though he had to
whoever he may be.  "You will be grieved to hear that Mrs. Westenra
whole day and night, the first time we have been parted since our
whole town seemed as if it must be full of dogs all howling at once, as
whom His Son die, will not be given over to monsters, whose very
whom I found much better, and had just returned, and was standing at
whom I had loved.  And yet the feeling was not so strong as I had
whom I swore to protect."
whom you wrong, or how, and I may not tell.  Woe is me!  I may not
whose blood she sucked are not as yet so much the worse, but if she
why may not another body go?  I have seen him myself crawl from his
why men believe in all ages and places that there are men and women
wi' the owners, or no hurt to our traffic, an' the Old Mon who had
wicked mouth.  But if she die in truth, then all cease.  The tiny
wickedness by night and growing more debased in the assimilating of it
wide and hard, and more of use.
widens.
wife's transcript of my diary.  I wonder what they make out of it.
wild garlic from the box waiting in the hall, but which had not been
wildest and least known portions of Europe.
wildly together.  "Good God help us!  Help her!  Oh, help her!"
wile.  By any device to hoodwink, even Jonathan."  God saw the look
will I have left you everything.'  I cried, Lucy dear, as
will be best and easiest for her."
will be blessed in you."
will be master of all the facts, and we can then better enter on our
will be more satisfied and better able to bear the shock.  Dr. Van
will be much unhappy always.  Yet he never can be sure, and that is
will be only a short time, and you will then rejoice more than your
will be renamed.
will be well!"
will be, if you will let me, a very faithful friend."
will be.  I wish she were with me again, for I feel so unhappy.  Last
will do.  But you must remember that I am not as you are.  There is a
will during his stay, and shall take your instructions in all
will end."
will enjoy your stay in my beautiful land.--Your friend, Dracula."
will find him, as on the other night, and then to home."
will give me a chance to escape.  I saw in his eyes something of that
will gladly do all for him that I can, all to make his life strong and
will grace the R. A and R. I. walls in May next.
will have to pass through the bitter water before we reach the sweet.
will help to keep me quiet.
will in time pass away altogether, I trust.  And now I have
will know, and only then how much.  Therefore may I ask that you
will leave you at Paddington before eight."  He was surprised at my
will need very careful watching, and much attention.  I shall stay
will not be content, I know, to remain in the dark.  Nay, the end, the
will not be dear to me.  Jonathan asks me to send his 'respectful
will not have time to read them, but I shall get the bundle of papers.
will not horrify you.  Then you will know me better.  Dinner will by
will not let two friends.  We shall tell him nothing, but only that we
will not matter when the sun set, since I am here with Madam to make
will now come on to Bukovina, and return tomorrow or the next day,
will operate.  Let me know instantly if there be anything unusual
will protect us if He so will it in His good intent."  The poor fellow
will remember, the patient twice ran away.  The men stopped at
will speak plainly enough when the time comes, be sure.  So I told
will tell me the other side of a true love episode of which I know one
will then return.  He wishes me to say that he has not sufficient
will you not let me be like a sister to you in your trouble?  I know
will, I know forgive one who has so many important affairs in hand."
will, and a will was a practical impossibility in such a case, have
will, and her thoughts obey him.  He always asks her what she can see
willingly their full stage at best speed.  We have now had so many
wills were centred in his.  He began by saying that he hoped we would
wills.  I know where my thoughts are.  If only Arthur knew!  My dear,
win it, if need be.  The poor dear meant to have said a part of the
wind carry us, for if the Deil wanted to get somewheres, well, he
wind rushed in through the broken window, and the door slammed
winding sheet was laid over the face.  When the Professor bent over
window at back and got in.  Then he went and made open the shutters in
window right over the seaweed-covered rocks of the strand.  I believe
window sashes reeked with it, and round Lucy's neck, over the silk
window, and a lot of broken glass was hurled on the floor.
window, and he now got up quietly, and went out of the room.  There
window, and was just beginning to shave.  Suddenly I felt a hand on my
window, but I did not mind it, and as I remember no more, I suppose I
window, which may have had something to do with it; or it may have
window.  The Professor took a small surgical saw from his case, and
window.  Why should not I imitate him, and go in by his window?  The
windows of the Count's own room would look out.  The window at which I
windpipes are of the common kind, and therefore breakable or
wings.  And big moths, in the night, with skull and cross-bones on
wings.  When I came back to my seat, I found that Lucy had moved
winning you than being in time for any other girl in the world.
winningly attractive as some of these grubby-faced little
wire from Jonathan, saying that he leaves by the 6:25 tonight
wire just before starting.  He is uncommonly clever, if one can judge
wire to Van Helsing and to Arthur, telling them of the excellent
wise.  You shall with us come.  And together we shall do that which we
wish double entente.  He is clever, oh so clever!  He know that his
wish for at the moment may be our own undoings."
wish to get into the house, but we have no key.  Is it not so?"  I
wish to keep him to the point of his madness, a thing which I avoid
wish to learn.  And then . . ."
wished to get down and walk up them, as we do at home, but the driver
wishes I shall hold myself at your disposal to render an account to
wishes the delivery made as soon as possible, we shall be obliged by
wishes will be done.
wishes.  "You shall," I said, "do as you like in the matter.  God
wishes.  For by her predeceasing her daughter the latter would have
wishes.  He is a seemingly arbitrary man, this is because he knows
with Enoch?"
with God to find such an euthanasia for you, even at this moment if it
with Mother.  I cannot leave her, and I am alone, save for the
with a bullet, which ricochetting from the top of the embrasure,
with a corporeal body as real at that moment as our own, pass through
with a dull, sullen, woe-begone look in his face, which seems rather
with a gold piece, and made what signs I could to have them posted.
with a hand which caught my arm in a grip of steel.  His strength must
with a lancet in a way that made me nearly scream.  He spoke to me,
with a long brown beard and a great black hat, which seemed to hide
with a look of utmost intensity, his bushy eyebrows almost meeting
with a pen . . .
with a series of events which seem to run on lines parallel
with a single impulse, we all advanced upon him.  It was a pity that
with a soldier, leavin' of the hinfant in the perambulator--well,
with a stamp on it, and put yer address on it, I'll find out where Sam
with a start, but she looked sad all the same.  It may have been that
with a white blanket.  The keen wind still carried the howling of the
with all sails set, apparently the same vessel which had been
with all the colour and picturesqueness of the whole wild, beautiful
with all the soft lines matching the angelic beauty of her eyes.  Then
with all their blaze of basilisk horror.  The sight seemed to paralyze
with an ague.  At last, after a long pause, he said to me in a faint
with another blush and a bright smile.
with anxiety and eagerness.
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
with different people and different themes, for here at the end, where
with difficulty that even strong men kept their feet, or clung with
with dreaming.  I should be quite happy if I only knew if Jonathan . . .
with excitement.  He rushed up to me and took me by both hands.
with fiercer and more bitter sweeps, and more steadily from the
with finger on lip, to preserve silence in our suspicions, until we
with flowers, that looked so fair as life, till one by one we wondered
with fresh blood, and that the stream had trickled over her chin and
with fresh blood, in a ruined building open to the air, but here the
with fury, the white teeth champing with rage, and the fair cheeks
with general principles of human nature that the "bloofer lady"
with hazard of all he has at stake.  Not being able to smoke, he cut
with her head lying up against the side of the window sill and her eyes
with him a long leather one, something like a cricketing bag.  It was
with him as we should.  There are days for us, in which we can make
with him in the morning, and would then see what I could do in the
with him to his grave, and are even now arrayed against us.  The
with his eyelids raised so that he could see her as she entered.  For
with his long whip, and with wild cries of encouragement urged them on
with his repletion.
with holes here and there.  I thought he might have the keys on him,
with homicidal and religious mania at once might be dangerous.  The
with horrified amazement as we saw, when he stood back, the woman,
with instructions, and keys left in parcel in main hall, as
with iron bands.
with it the shifty movement of the head and back which asylum
with it.
with it.  We shall give him a chance, and have the men ready to follow
with lots of blood in them, and hers all seemed to have run out.  I
with many efforts forced it back so that I could enter.  I was now in
with me for a time, I must not disguise from myself the possibility
with me home, she rose without a word, with the obedience of a child.
with me, and, enlivened by her charming presence, I made an excellent
with me, lest I want it later.  I may find a way from this dreadful
with me.  Little girl, your honesty and pluck have made me a friend,
with me.  You are sick and weak, and have had much sorrow and much
with most danger in another.  On the water he is powerless
with mould.
with mud, using each foot in turn on the other, so that as we went
with my butchery.  I could not have endured the horrid screeching
with my husband, I took the book from under his pillow, and wrapped
with my knowledge, you would perhaps better understand."  I said I was
with our first night's work.  It may be ordained that we have many
with regard to the desire of your Lordship, expressed by Mr.
with respect.  There are others, too, which I shall tell you of, lest
with some papers and envelopes from my bag and keep them in my pocket,
with some sort of indirect apology for the defeat of the
with strict injunctions that I was not to leave her for a moment.  I
with surprise.
with the Almighty.  But he said not a word, and in a few seconds stood
with the Evil One.  They learned his secrets in the Scholomance,
with the Slovaks who traded down the river to the port.  He had been
with the dead that we love and that the UnDead pass away."
with the delivery of the boxes at Carfax.  Here again I found the
with the fear on me of what might be, I drew a ring so big for
with the fixed concentration of his look.  He said to Renfield in a
with the hollow burning eyes and grief-written lines of his face.  His
with the patients as I would the mouth of hell.
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
with the responsibility of his new position.  I knew he would be true
with the rest.  It was late when I got through, but Dr. Seward went
with the tail of my eye, seen him pressing desperately forward, and
with the utmost courtesy.  They looked up the transaction in their day
with the wild garlic flowers, which sent through the odour of lily and
with their freight of earth.  There was a sound of hammering.  It is
with their trousers tucked into them, and had long black hair and
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net
with us and see him then.  You could catch the quick 3:34 train, which
with us we opened them, one by one, and treated them as we had treated
with us, but kept a few yards off, barking and howling.  Its master
with very considerable difficulty that they got him back to the
with very red lips and sharp-looking teeth, as white as ivory.  One of
with whom, owing to the terrible circumstance with which his sorrow
with wile.  I, too, am wily and I think his mind in a little while.
with work.  The life of an assistant schoolmistress is sometimes
with years of life in it, and not merely buzzing flies!'  I laughed at
with you myself, but I shall first dress myself.  If you will remain I
with, and he--I fear I am myself the only living soul within the
within a day or two, I shall insist on the doctor seeing about them.
within a few minutes he stood up quite calmly and looked around him.  I
within the range of my study and experience.  I promise you that I
without a scratch or scar of any kind.
without alarming her unduly, for a shock to her would mean sudden
without avail.  The distance was too great to allow a proper angle of
without dreaming.  Despair has its own calms.
without fear!"
without his thinking, followed their direction.  As they saw the
without making a scene.  It is all so wild and mysterious, and strange
without moving, I saw one of the maids pass silently along the
without need?  And if there is no necessity for a post-mortem and
without noticing, "When Mrs. Harker came in to see me this afternoon
without special reason, but just at present I am so interested in him
without strength.  We have on our side power of combination, a power
without surprise that I saw the monster cower back before a similar
without suspicion, which he evidently wishes to avoid, he must remain
without that diabolic aid which is surely to him.  For it have to
without the glassiness of death, and the cheeks had the warmth of life
without using any words.  A dark mass spread over the grass, coming on
witness again Jonathan when he shut the door against the wolves, and
woke from her sleep and, seeing me, cried out in pain that
woke me.  I think that it took me an effort and a little time to
wolf country, and it may be that he shall get there before us.  I
wolf, as we gather from the ship arrival in Whitby, when he tear open
wolves, which had withdrawn to a safe distance, followed in their
wolves.  Some time after I had finished my meal, I do not know whether
woman and with giant's power draw it back, the blue eyes transformed
woman who served us saw the scar on my forehead, she crossed herself
woman, and if she had remained in touch with the affair, it would in
woman, and there is nought in common.  They are devils of the Pit!
women to their dead selves through my awful work, I laid in
women with trailing garments.  All was in dead, grim silence only
women, I who have made my specialty the brain and all that belongs to
women, ladies by their dress and manner.  I thought at the time that I
women.  The fourth was only a young girl, and the drug had evidently
won't be worth an hour's purchase.  You are exhausted already.  I am
won't some cook get a rum start when she sees his green eyes
won.  So he came to London to invade a new land.  He was beaten, and
wonder at anything!  One thing I know, that if my instinct be true
wonder which allows no room for active thought.  Mina's determination
wonderful diary of him.  Then we go on for long, long hours and
wonderful smoky beauty of a sunset over London, with its lurid lights
wonderful thing that her faculty of sleep remains to her in the midst
wonderfully interesting study.  I wish I could get some glimpse of his
wonderfully.  In his speaking of things and people, and especially of
word of what had happened in the visit to the Count's house.  And yet
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
word to the others.  It would break poor Harker's heart, certainly his
word took his seat, and we resumed our journey.  I think I must have
word.
words were spoken.  Instinctively they reined in, and at the instant
words, a puff of wind made the flame leap up, and I see the
work could be done locally on instruction from any solicitor, so that
work is to be a sealed book to her, till at least such time as we can
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
work out, then I shall know more.
work selfish and therefore small.  Here comes Madam Mina.  Not a word
work together.
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
work, friend Jonathan.  Doubtless we are on the track of the missing
work, seemingly forgetful of her misery.  As she came in, she handed a
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
work.  Work!  Work!
worked.
working in the interval for his story was further advanced.  I was
working out, you would pity, and tolerate, and pardon me.  Pray do not
working some spell to keep out an evil spirit."
working very hard lately, because I want to keep up with Jonathan's
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
works.
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.
world may rest from him.
world, who has won the noblest heart that God has made and best
world.  And the inheritors, being remote, would not be likely to
worry me.  I tried to keep awake, and succeeded for a while, but when
worse than ever and to snort and scream with fright.  I could not see
worse than, we had ever seen her.
worst, for the open mouth showed the pale gums.  Her teeth, in the
worst.  I began to fear, horrible fears.  But then came to me the
worth the doing.  As I knew that the only cure for this sort of thing
worth the winning, you have won mine today.  If ever the future should
worth winning.  We promise you a hearty welcome, and a loving
worthy of them?  Here was I almost making fun of this great hearted,
would be fatal, with enemies on the track.  True, he might
would be happy, and that If I ever wanted a friend I must count him
would be his greatest strength.  It would be at once his sheath and
would be marks of it."
would be no evidence against us, in case any suspicion of murder were
would be one.  Come!"
would be the wolf!  I resolve me that my work lay here, and
would bring on a fit, so I took him by the hand and raised him up.
would come.  But I think we all expected that something strange would
would do.  I must watch him.
would doubtless have taken measures in advance to frustrate such an
would fetch it up a'reet.  An' if he didn't, well, we'd keep a sharp
would go when he left the house.  I did not see him, but I saw a bat
would have been to create new suspicion.  I therefore pretended to
would have been to have stripped off her clothing in her sleep whilst
would have got out to make certain on the point, but some leaden
would have taken him with me to see the patient, only I thought that
would have to take its chance of being delayed, and delay
would if I were free, only I don't want to be free.  My dear, this
would induce any of you doctors to go to bed whilst there is a patient
would make them even look at me.  They resolutely turned away.  The
would not be successful, he got into quite a frantic condition.  He
would not hear of it.  "No, no," he said.  "You must not walk here.
would remain in the harbour till the storm had passed.  The wind
would seem that memory was not all complete.  In some faculties of
would so classify him, and qua criminal he is of an imperfectly formed
would surely go if the others went.  He answered in growing passion,
would suspect interference least.  You must have been at Bermondsey
would take them some time to get the carriage and horses.  So if they
would that you tell me when I make error, even of the smallest, in my
would, I am sure, have noticed, no matter how we might have tried to
would, I believe, be adopted by the town.  Tomorrow will see the
would, if I were in your place, certainly tell Arthur.  A woman
wouldn't we have given then for a repeater apiece!"
wounded wrist.  He was easily secured, and to my surprise, went with
wounds of the throats disappear, and they go back to their play
wrapping paper to keep them from the dust.  There were also a clothes
wrath and fury, even to the demons of the pit.  His eyes were
wrenching away tomb tops one other of the sisters, the other dark
wring my heart, I have never had so heavy a task as now.  Believe me
wrist rather severely.
wrist, keeping a wary eye on the prostrate figure all the time.  When
write later.  Sunrise this morning was anxiously looked for by us all.
write no more Goodby Mina!  God bless and keep you.
write this now as I am not sleepy, though I must try again.
write you very soon again.  I must stop, for Jonathan is waking.  I
write, but it must be done if I die in the doing.
write, for although I think he loves me, he has not told me
write.  Some sort of shadowy pall seems to be coming over our
writes us that to see some of the tiny tots pretending to be the
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
written my two letters I sat quiet, reading a book whilst the Count
written of this day.
written to my old friend and master, Professor Van Helsing, of
wrong in our surmise our chance is gone.  We have overhauled every
wrong they are.  How can he,' and he pointed at me with the same
wrong turnings found myself opposite a low, arched oaken door, ribbed
wrong, for that so, he can telegraph and have inquiry made at Varna,
wrongs of the earth and of His children that He has placed thereon.
wrote all, then she must consult with us, but tomorrow she say goodbye
wrote down was true.  It seems to have made a new man of me.  It was
wrote on them, 'Here lies the body' or 'Sacred to the memory' wrote on
wrote over them, and that everybody in the place knows that they be
wrote several notes, referring as he wrote them to some books on his
wrote.  You will pardon me, I know, for all my faults when
yard two great leiter-wagons, each drawn by eight sturdy horses, and
yard.
ye think that all these men will have to make a rush to Whitby when
ye, ladies!"  And off he hobbled.
yearn to him as to no other man, not even you, friend John, for we are
years trust me.  You have believe me weeks past, when there be things
years, shut in one so small hole that only hold him since the youth of
yelling.  As his room is on this side of the house, I could hear it
yer bones.  An' the place was that neglected that yer might 'ave
yer sail for his ain purpose.  An' a' the time we could no speer a
yes, my dear boy, to love you, as Arthur."
yet . . .
yet . . ."
yet be his salvation, for if all go well, it will tide him over the
yet that he even loves me."  I was right to speak to him so
yet which are, that some people see things that others cannot?  But
yet.  Perhaps he will never know.  I pray so, but if it be needed,
yet.  We may, then, get a light on what his task is to be.
yews we saw a white figure advance, a dim white figure, which held
yield to the powers that come from, and are, symbolic of good.  And
you all the more for it!  Now go."
you all the time."
you alone as soon as I can after you have seen her.  Do not fail!
you and poor Madam Mina with new hope.  For it will be hope when you
you and wait."
you any to tell?"
you are and your relations to Miss Westenra.  This, my dear fellow,
you are driving at."
you are young and brave and can fight, and all energies may be needed
you as to imply a doubt, but this is a mystery that goes beyond any
you at Castle Dracula."
you can ask me questions whilst we eat."
you can't go on for some years teaching etiquette and decorum to other
you come to me for comfort if you need it?  You will know later why I
you could have done so when the laugh arrived, if you could do so now,
you did my poor Lucy's.  Were death, or the fear of death, the only
you do.  I have a duty to do in protecting her grave from outrage, and
you have read all my budget of news.  Well, I got my husband back
you have set us.  And I promise you, too, that I shall make all
you if you like."
you know of before poor Lucy die, or again, last night when you open
you know of this.  You will find it in my diary which I shall show you
you like some sugar to get your flies around again?"
you may at the first think that I, Van Helsing, am mad.
you may kiss her.  Kiss her dead lips if you will, as she would have
you must never forget.  This time, if it ever come, may come quickly
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
you no more must question.  We shall tell you all in good time.  We
you not think that there are things which you cannot understand, and
you not, for all our lives, for dear Lucy's sake?"
you now, but not a word to another.  I want to cut off her head and
you require, and you know that you will never want, that is all.  I
you see with those so bright eyes."  He took her hand and held it
you seek."
you seek?  God be thanked that we have once again a clue, though
you shall be safe here from him!"  He took the glasses from me, and at
you shall come to my call.  When my brain says "Come!" to you, you
you shall keep knowledge in its place, where it may rest, where it may
you something.  And oh, my friend, I am taking a great, a terrible,
you the more because it does so bleed.  If I could, I would take on
you to forgive me."
you to see her, and though she demurred at first, I know why, old
you to trust when you cannot, and may not, and must not yet
you to, if for her to choose.  For she is not a grinning devil now,
you tonight."
you were all right."
you were and how you love her.  Oh, Madam Mina, by that
you were of a ghastly pale.  To them I say "Pouf!"'  And he snapped
you were to her.  She and I were like sisters, and now she is gone,
you were with her at Whitby.  She sometimes kept a diary, you need not
you will caution its parents to keep strict watch over it.  These
you will let me have his lordship's address I will consult the House
you will, without a moment's delay, drive a stake through me and cut
you!  It was that night after you left me, when I implored you to let
you!"
you, did I go so far round, why take so long to tell so simple a
you, her lover, but only her physician and her friend.  I gave her my
you, know.  Only ten days ago a wolf got out, and was, I believe,
you, my Lord Godalming and friend Jonathan go in your so swift little
you, than friend John here, who has to go a long way back before he
you, when and where you will."  His voice broke a little, and he went
you.  But I know you now, and let me say that I should have known you
you.  His fear was of great and terrible things, which no mortal can
you.  Sleep well tonight.  At three tomorrow the diligence will
young man, full of energy and talent in his own way, and of a very
young, in and around Hampstead Heath, and for any stray dog which
your London, none there are who would not know me for a stranger.  That
your anguish.  But just think, what can we do, until all the world be
your arms to her, you would in time, when you had died, have become
your beautiful England, I to some work which may have such an end that
your best help."
your conversation regarding my dear new country of England less
your devotion to that dear Madam Mina.  Think you, how her pain would
your ears tingle.
your equipment.
your friends to know that you are well, and that you look forward to
your goodness to my poor dear."  He paused a moment, and went on, "I
your having teams ready at King's Cross at the time named and
your heart.  It was like a soul crying out to Almighty God.  No one
your kindness to me!  Oh, what have I done to be blessed with such
your lesson aright?"
your letters to poor Lucy, and know how good you are and how your
your little shoes, but I guess if you wait till you find a man that
your own sake, and for the sake of others, and for her dear sake to
your respective places in the moving world, I take to witness that I
your second.  Besides, I have nothing to tell you.  There is really
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
yours!"
yours, I trust you will let me know.  It will be pleasure and delight
yourself.  You want a wife to nurse and look after you a bit, that you
yourself."
youth had been half restored.  For the white hair and moustache were
The Project Gutenberg EBook of Dracula, by Bram Stoker
